Paul merson was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0-0 draw with burnley . Andros townsend scored the tottenham midfielder in the 89th minute . Paul merson had another dig at andros townsend after his appearance . The midfielder had been brought on to the england squad last week . Click here for all the latest arsenal news news .
Paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend . The tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0-0 draw with burnley . Andros townsend scores england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin .
Paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend after the tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0-0 draw with burnley on sunday . Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for tottenham as they drew 0-0 against burnley . Townsend hit back at merson on twitter after scoring for england against italy .
Paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend . The tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0-0 draw with burnley . Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for tottenham as they drew 0-0 with burnley .
Paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend after the tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0-0 draw with burnley on sunday . Merson initially angered townsend for writing in his sky sports column that ` if andros townsend can get in ( the england team ) then it opens it up to anybody ' townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for tottenham as they drew 0-0 against burnley .
Paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend after the tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0-0 draw with burnley . Merson initially angered townsend for writing in his sky sports column that ` if andros townsend can get in ( the england team ) then it opens it up to anybody . ' Paul merson had another dig at andros townsend after his appearance for tottenham against burnley .
Paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend after the tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0 - 0 draw with burnley on sunday . # rubberdub # 7minutes , ' merson put on twitter . Merson initially angered townsend for writing in his sky sports column that ' if andros townsend can get in ( the england team ) then it opens it up to anybody . '
Paul merson criticised andros townsend 's call-up to the england squad . Townsend hit back at merson after scoring for england against italy . The tottenham midfielder was brought on in the 83rd minute against burnley .
Paul Merson is not happy with Andros Townsend 's call-up to the England squad last week
Paul merson had a dig at andros townsend after his appearance for tottenham . Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for tottenham against burnley . 'just been watching the game , did you miss the coach ? # rubberdub # 7minutes , ' merson wrote on twitter .
Paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend after the tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0-0 draw with burnley on sunday . ' Paul merson had another dig at andros townsend after his appearance for tottenham against burnley . Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for tottenham as they drew 0-0 against burnley .
Paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend after the tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0-0 draw with burnley on sunday . ` just been watching the game , did you miss the coach ? # rubberdub # 7minutes , ' merson put on twitter .
Tottenham drew 0-0 with Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday . Andros Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham . Paul Merson criticised Townsend 's call-up to the England squad last week . Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy .
Paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend after the tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0-0 draw with burnley . Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for tottenham as they drew 0-0 against burnley . Paul merson had another dig at andros townsend after scoring for england against italy .
Paul merson criticised townsend 's call-up to the england squad last week . Andros townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for tottenham as they drew 0-0 against burnley on sunday . Townsend hit back at merson after his appearance for england against italy .
Paul merson has restarted his row with burnley on sunday . Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for tottenham . Andros townsend scores england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw . Townsend hit a stunning equaliser for england against italy .
Chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's dutch partner yoshinori muto . Chelsea 's interest in muto is not linked to # 200million deal deal . The japan international has played for the j-league side since 2013 . The dutch club has scored three goals in four games so far this season .
Chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's 22-year-old forward yoshinori muto . The japan international will join chelsea 's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer . Muto claims chelsea 's interest in muto is not connected to the # 200million sponsorship deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february .
Chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's 22-year-old forward yoshinori muto , according to club president naoki ogane . The japan international , who has played for the j-league side since 2013 , will join chelsea 's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer . Ogane claims that chelsea 's interest in muto is not connected to the # 200million sponsorship deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february .
Chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's forward yoshinori muto . The japan international will join chelsea 's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem . Ogane claims that chelsea 's interest in muto is not connected to the # 200million sponsorship deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february .
Chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's 22-year-old forward yoshinori muto . The japan international will join chelsea 's vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer . Ogane claims that chelsea 's interest in muto is not connected to the # 200million deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february .
Chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's 22-year-old forward yoshinori muto , according to club president naoki ogane . The japan international will join chelsea 's dutch partner vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer . Ogane claims chelsea 's interest in muto is not connected to the # 200million sponsorship deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february .
Chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's 22 - year - old forward yoshinori muto , according to club president naoki ogane . The japan international , who has played for the j - league side since 2013 , will join chelsea 's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer . Ogane claims that chelsea 's interest in muto is not connected to the £ 200million sponsorship deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february .
Yoshinori muto has been linked with a £4million move to chelsea . Fc tokyo president naoki ogane claims blues have made an offer . Muto would join chelsea 's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan . The 22-year-old only graduated from keio university two weeks ago .
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo 's 22-year-old forward Yoshinori Muto .
Chelsea have made an offer for yoshinori muto , according to fc tokyo president naoki ogane . Ogane claims chelsea 's interest is not connected to the £200million sponsorship deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february . The 22-year-old would be the first japanese player to represent chelsea if he moves to west london . Muto has scored three goals in four games so far this season .
Chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's 22-year-old forward yoshinori muto , according to club president naoki ogane . The japan international , who has played for the j-league side since 2013 , will join chelsea 's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer . Fc tokyo president naoki ogane claims that chelsea have made a bid for japan international muto .
Chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's 22-year-old forward yoshinori muto , according to club president naoki ogane . The japan international , who has played for the j-league side since 2013 , will join chelsea 's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer . Ogane claims that chelsea 's interest in muto is not connected to the # 200million sponsorship deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february .
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto . The 22-year-old will join Chelsea 's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge . Chelsea signed a £ 200million sponsorship deal with Japanese company Yokohama Rubber in February .
Chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's 22-year-old yoshinori muto . The japan international has played for the j-league side since 2013 . Chelsea 's interest in muto is not connected to the £200million deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february .
Chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's yoshinori muto . Japan international will join chelsea 's vitesse arnhem on loan next season . Muto claims chelsea 's interest in muto is not connected to the # 200million deal they signed with yokohama rubber in february .
Chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's 22-year-old yoshinori muto . The japan international has played for the j-league side since 2013 . Chelsea 's interest in muto is not connected to the # 200million sponsorship deal . Tokyo president naoki ogane claims chelsea have made a bid for japan . Yoshinori niigata brings the ball forward against albirex niigata .
Babies given antibiotics in first six months of life , more likely to be fat as toddlers , a large-scale study finds . The widely-prescribed drugs could be contributing to the obesity epidemic . A third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight or obese . The study did n't prove that antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight , the may also be the first to die at an early age age .
Babies given antibiotics in first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers , study found . Just as antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight , the may also be fattening our children . Third of 10-11 year olds in england are overweight or obese , leading to fears today 's generation will be the first to die at an earlier age than their parents .
A third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight or obese , leading to fears that today 's generation will be the first to die at an earlier age than their parents . Writing in the respected medical journal pediatrics , they said that the widely-prescribed drugs could be contributing to the obesity epidemic . The researchers said say that just as antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight , the may also be fattening our children .
Babies given antibiotics in the first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers . A third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight or obese .
Babies given antibiotics in first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers . Antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight , the may also be fattening our children . A third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight or obese .
Researchers said that just as antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight , the may also be fattening our children . A third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight or obese , leading to fears today 's generation will be the first to die at an earlier age than their parents .
The researchers said say that just as antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight , the may also be fattening our children . Writing in the respected medical journal pediatrics , they said that the widely - prescribed drugs could be contributing to the obesity epidemic . A third of 10 - 11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4 - 5 year olds in england are overweight or obese , leading to fears that today 's generation will be the first to die at an earlier age than their parents .
Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year olds with records on antibiotic prescription . By two years-old , one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese . Children who had taken antibiotics as young babies were particularly likely to be overweight . Repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised the odds of being a fat toddler .
We now know that antibiotics are fattening our children ( file photo ) 'We should be concerned that the widespread use of antibiotics in infancy may be contributing to the obesity epidemic . ' The study was funded by the Finnish National Foundation for Child Health and the European Union .
A third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight or obese . Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of 12,000 healthy two year olds with records on antibiotic prescription . By two years-old , one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese .
Babies given antibiotics in the first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers , a large-scale study has found . The researchers said say that just as antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight , the may also be fattening our children . Writing in the respected medical journal pediatrics , they said that the widely-prescribed drugs could be contributing to the obesity epidemic .
Babies given antibiotics in the first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers , a large-scale study has found . The researchers said say that just as antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight , the may also be fattening our children . Writing in the respected medical journal pediatrics , they said that the widely-prescribed drugs could be contributing to the obesity epidemic .
Finnish researchers compared weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription . By two years-old , one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese . Repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised odds of being a fat toddler .
Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription . By two years-old , one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese .
Babies given antibiotics in the first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers . Just as antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight , the may also be fattening our children . A third of 10-11 year olds in england are overweight or obese . Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription .
Researchers say just as antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight . The widely-prescribed drugs could be contributing to the obesity epidemic . A third of 10-11 year olds in england are overweight or obese . Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy with records . Babies given antibiotics in first six months of life are more likely to be fat .
Buckingham palace guard slipped on manhole cover in front of hundreds of horrified tourists . The queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover . He lost his footing and dropped his rifle on the side of the box and dropping his rifle . The incident was caught on camera camera camera . The guard is thought to have slipped because of metal shutters nailed to the soles of his boots .
Embarrassing moment a buckingham palace guard slipped and fell on a manhole cover in front of hundreds of shocked tourists as he took up position in his sentry box . The queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard . He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle .
Holidaymaker david meadwell recorded the unscheduled manouevre outside buckingham palace on thursday afternoon . He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle . The queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard - and unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on camera .
The queen 's guard slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard at buckingham palace last week . He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle . The entire incident was caught on camera .
The queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard . He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle . The entire incident was caught on a tourist 's camera .
Buckingham palace guard slipped and fell on a manhole cover in front of hundreds of shocked tourists . The queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard . He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle .
The queen 's guard was left red - faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard - and unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on camera . He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle . The queen 's guard ( pictured ) slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard at buckingham palace last week .
The queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover . He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side . The embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past as if nothing had happened . Tourist david meadwell recorded the unscheduled manouevre outside buckingham palace on thursday afternoon .
The guard is thought to have slipped because of the metal protectors nailed to the soles of his boots The guard , wearing full regalia , falls heavily to the floor still clutching his rifle following the slip up The guard , wearing full regalia , falls heavily to the floor still clutching his rifle following the slip up The guard , wearing full regalia , falls heavily to the floor still clutching his rifle following the slip up
Queen 's guard slipped during popular changing of the guard at buckingham palace . Unfortunately for him , the entire incident was caught on a tourist 's camera . The embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past . But the young guard started to blush as he peered at the crowd from under his bearskin and realised how many people had seen his slapstick moment .
The queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard - and unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on camera . He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle . Unfortunately for him , the entire incident was caught on a tourist 's camera .
This is the embarrassing moment a buckingham palace guard slipped and fell on a manhole cover in front of hundreds of shocked tourists as he took up position in his sentry box . The queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard - and unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on camera . He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle .
The Queen 's Guard slipped on a manhole cover during the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace last week . He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle . Unfortunately for him , the entire incident was caught on a tourist 's camera .
Queen 's guard slipped and fell on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard at buckingham palace last week . He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle . The guard , wearing full regalia , falls heavily to the floor still clutching his rifle following the slip .
The queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard at buckingham palace last week . He lost his footing on the side of the box and dropping his rifle . The embarrassed soldier is thought to have slipped because of the metal protectors .
Holidaymaker david meadwell recorded the unscheduled manouevre outside buckingham palace . He lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking bearskin on the side of the box . Queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on manhole cover . The entire incident was caught on a manhole cover . The embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past .
A & e networks are remaking the series , to air in 2016 . The three networks will broadcast a remake of the saga of kunta kinte . The `` roots `` is the epic episode of the african-american slave and his descendants . The series of `` original `` and `` contemporary `` will be the new version of the original version .
`` roots , `` the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants , had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . A & e networks are remaking the miniseries , to air in 2016 . Levar burton , who portrayed kinte in the original , will co-executive produce the new miniseries .
`` roots , `` the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants , had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . Now a & e networks are remaking the miniseries , to air in 2016 . A & e , lifetime and history ( formerly the history channel ) announced thursday that the three networks would simulcast a remake of the saga of kunta kinte , an african who was captured , shipped to america and sold into slavery to work on a virginia plantation . Levar burton , who portrayed kinte in the original , will co-executive produce the new miniseries .
A & e , lifetime and history announced thursday that the three networks would simulcast a remake of the saga of kunta kinte , an african who was captured , shipped to america and sold into slavery . Producers will consult scholars in african and african-american history for added authenticity .
`` roots , `` the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants , had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . Now a & e networks are remaking the miniseries , to air in 2016 . Producers will consult scholars in african and african-american history for added authenticity .
`` roots , `` the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants , had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . Now a & e networks are remaking the miniseries , to air in 2016 .
`` roots , `` the epic miniseries about an african - american slave and his descendants , had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . Now a & e networks are remaking the miniseries , to air in 2016 .
A & e , lifetime and history will simulcast a new `` roots '' in 2016 . The original miniseries drew more than 100 million viewers in 1977 . Levar burton , who played kunta kinte in the original , will co-executive produce .
A & E Networks will simulcast the original `` Roots '' in 2016 . The original `` Roots '' premiered in 1977 and ran for four seasons . The miniseries followed Kunta Kinte , a free black man in Virginia , as he was sold into slavery .
A & e , lifetime and history will re- simulcast a remake of `` roots '' the epic miniseries about an african-american slave will air in 2016 . Levar burton , who portrayed kunta kinte in the original , will co-executive produce the new miniseries .
`` roots , `` the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants , had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . Now a & e networks are remaking the miniseries , to air in 2016 . Levar burton , who portrayed kinte in the original , will co-executive produce the new miniseries .
( cnn ) one of the biggest tv events of all time is being reimagined for new audiences . `` roots , `` the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants , had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . Now a & e networks are remaking the miniseries , to air in 2016 .
A & E , Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of `` Roots `` in 2016 . The miniseries is about an African-American slave and his descendants . LeVar Burton , who portrayed Kunta Kinte in the original , will co-executive produce .
`` roots , `` the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants , had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . Now a & e , lifetime and history ( formerly the history channel ) announced thursday . Producers will consult scholars in african and african-american history for added authenticity .
A & e , lifetime and history are remaking the miniseries , to air in 2016 . `` roots , `` levar burton , will co-executive produce the new miniseries . Alex haley 's `` contemporary `` novel is `` original `` novel .
`` roots , `` the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants . A & e , lifetime and history ( formerly the history channel ) announced thursday that the three networks would simulcast a remake of the saga . Levar burton will co-executive produce the new miniseries . `` original `` producers will consult scholars in african and african-american history .
Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year following allegations of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in 1970s and 80s . Police investigating claims made by a former royal footman that he was ` haunted ' by the incident . Police are investigating allegations made by the former royal palace officers .
Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s .
Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day .
Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring .
Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . Police are investigating claims by a former royal footman that clarence house aides tried to force him into an orgy in the 1970s . But his complaints were ignored for months before the police were finally notified , he claims .
Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring .
Police are investigating claims by a former royal footman that palace aides tried to force him into an orgy , it was revealed yesterday . Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover - ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s .
Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . He decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s . But his complaints were ignored for months before the police were finally notified , he claims .
Alleged abuse by Clarence House staff took place in 1978 when he was 27 . He was accosted after he walked into a room to look for a pen on his first shift He said he was told by police that he had 'failed to establish the identity of the accused ' and the case was closed . He said : ' I was devastated .
Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s .
Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s .
Police are investigating claims by a former royal footman that palace aides tried to force him into an orgy , it was revealed yesterday . Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day .
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . His complaints were ignored for months before the police were finally notified .
Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s .
Christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . Police are investigating claims made by a former royal footman that clarence house aides tried to force him into an orgy in the 1970s .
He was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff . He left him in tears and left the job the same day . He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse . He said he was accosted after he walked into a bedroom to look for a pen . Police are investigating claims clarence house aides tried to force him into an orgy in the 1970s .
The clip has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . Oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme from the '90s tv sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air ' . The original song was bought our first house and started to build their original trailer . Melissa meek said the couple thought it would take longer than the two months the pair spent trying to conceive . Jesse and melissa meek announced the new version of the popular nbc sitcom .
Jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air ' the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube .
The clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . ` in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead , ' melissa says in the clip . Jesse raps that the couple thought it would take longer than the two months the pair spent trying to conceive .
Jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air ' the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube .
The clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . ` in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead .
Clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . ` in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead . Parents : jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air '
An oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from ' 90s television sitcom ' the fresh prince of bel - air . ' The clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . ' In happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead , ' melissa says in the clip .
The clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . 'in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead , ' melissa says in the clip . At the end of the video , the meeks smile and share a sonogram of their unborn child .
The Meeks are expecting a baby boy , and are using the clip to announce their pregnancy to the world . The Meeks have been together for over a decade . They have three children together - a son and two daughters .
Jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom 'the fresh prince of bel-air ' the clip , which features jesse and melissa rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . At the end of the video , the meeks smile and share a sonogram of their unborn child .
' the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . ` in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead , ' melissa says in the clip . Not a pair .
An oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air . ' The clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . ` in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead , ' melissa says in the clip .
The clip , which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube . The original song for the popular NBC sitcom , sung by star Will Smith , details how his character grew up in West Philadelphia .
Jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme from '90s television sitcom ' the fresh prince of bel-air ' . The clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . Parents said `` we 're ready for grandkids , get a move on it ! ``
Jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air ' ` in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead , ' melissa says in the clip . In the meeks ' parody video , melissa raps , ` when our family and friends would take longer than the two months ' the clip was viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube .
The clip has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . The original song for the popular nbc sitcom , sung by star will smith . Jesse and melissa meek are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air ' ` in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , melissa says . An oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a rap video .
Heritage auctions offered the gray jacket and a black zigzag applique . The dress was worn in the classic 1939 movie . The wind has fetched $ 137,000 at auction . The heritage auctions offer the gray jackets and $ 150 more than 150 items . The academy award-winning film at auction on saturday in beverly hills , california .
Dress worn by vivien leigh when she played scarlett o'hara in 1939 film gone with the wind has fetched $ 137,000 at auction . The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler , played by clark gable , and when she gets attacked in the shanty town .
Heritage auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt , featuring a black zigzag applique , plus more than 150 other items from the academy award-winning film at auction on saturday in beverly hills , california . The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler , played by clark gable , and when she gets attacked in the shanty town . A dress worn by vivien leigh when she played scarlett o'hara in the classic 1939 film gone with the wind has fetched $ 137,000 at auction .
The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler , played by clark gable .
An outfit worn in several scenes of the 1939 film gone with the wind by vivien leigh as she played scarlett o'hara in the classic 1939 film gone with the wind has fetched $ 137,000 at auction . The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler , and when she gets attacked in the shanty town . The outfit has suffered a little with age and has faded to light gray from original slate blue-gray color .
Heritage auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt , featuring a black zigzag applique , plus more than 150 other items from the academy award-winning film at auction on saturday in beverly hills , california . The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler , played by clark gable , and when she gets attacked in the shanty town .
Heritage auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt , featuring a black zigzag applique , plus more than 150 other items from the academy award - winning film at auction on saturday in beverly hills , california . The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler , played by clark gable , and when she gets attacked in the shanty town . An outfit worn in several scenes of the 1939 film gone with the wind by vivien leigh as she played scarlett o'hara sold for $ 137,000 at auction on saturday
Heritage auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt , featuring a black zigzag applique , plus more than 150 other items from the academy award-winning film . The dress was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler , played by clark gable . It was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of james tumblin , formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at universal studios .
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh when she played Scarlett O'Hara in the classic 1939 movie Gone With The Wind has fetched $ 137,000 at auction The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie but has suffered a little with age and has faded to light gray from original slate blue-gray color The dress was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of James Tumblin , formerly
The outfit was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler . It was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of james tumblin , formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at universal studios .
A dress worn by vivien leigh when she played scarlett o'hara in the classic 1939 film gone with the wind has fetched $ 137,000 at auction . Heritage auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt , featuring a black zigzag applique , plus more than 150 other items from the academy award-winning film at auction on saturday in beverly hills , california . The outfit has suffered a little with age , however .
A dress worn by vivien leigh when she played scarlett o'hara in the classic 1939 film gone with the wind has fetched $ 137,000 at auction . Heritage auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt , featuring a black zigzag applique , plus more than 150 other items from the academy award-winning film at auction on saturday in beverly hills , california . The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler , played by clark gable , and when she gets attacked in the shanty town .
Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt , featuring a black zigzag applique , plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday . The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie but has suffered a little with age and has faded to light gray .
Heritage auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt , featuring a black zigzag applique , plus more than 150 other items from the academy award-winning film at auction on saturday . The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when she gets attacked in the shanty town .
Scarlett o'hara sold for $ 137,000 at auction on saturday in beverly hills , california . The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie . It was one of more than 150 items which were part of the private collection of james tumblin .
Dress worn by vivien leigh when she played scarlett o'hara . Heritage auctions offered the gray jacket featuring a black zigzag applique . Scarlett o'hara sold for $ 137,000 at auction on saturday . The dress was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie . The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes .
Toddler slipped and fell into a cheetah exhibit at cleveland metroparks zoo . The toddler was taken to metrohealth medical center and suffered from minor injuries . The boy 's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped to 12ft . The baby boy was airlifted to hospital and is listed in stable condition . He suffered minor injuries in the fall , but he was not attacked by the animals . The zoo said the boy was not approached by the fast feline because they were frightened .
Cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on saturday . His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . Though the felines appeared to avoid the child , dr christopher kuhar , executive director at the zoo , said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday .
Visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on saturday . His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . Though the felines appeared to avoid the child , dr christopher kuhar , executive director at the zoo , said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday .
Visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on saturday . His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . Though the felines appeared to avoid the child , dr christopher kuhar , executive director at the zoo , said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday .
A mother was holding the two-year-old boy and another child when the toddler slipped and fell into the pit at 3pm on saturday . His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . Though the felines appeared to avoid the child , dr christopher kuhar , executive director at the zoo .
Visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on saturday . His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . Though the felines appeared to avoid the child , dr christopher kuhar , executive director at the zoo .
Visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on saturday . His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . Though the felines appeared to avoid the child , dr christopher kuhar , executive director at the zoo , said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday .
The toddler 's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on saturday around 3pm . The child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital . The cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit , according to zoo officials .
The boy fell into the cheetah pit at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo in Ohio . He was rescued by his parents before paramedics arrived . He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital .
Boy , 2 , slipped into cheetah pit at cleveland metroparks zoo on saturday . His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived . Though the felines appeared to avoid the boy , cleveland metroparks zoo plans to press child endangering charges against the child 's mother .
Visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on saturday . His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . Though the felines appeared to avoid the child , dr christopher kuhar , executive director at the zoo , said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday .
The mother of a two-year-old boy who fell 10 feet into a cheetah enclosure could face child endangerment charges after witnesses claim she was dangling him over the edge . Visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on saturday . His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury .
Toddler slipped and fell into cheetah exhibit at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo . Visitors heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3 pm on Saturday . His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived . Cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit .
The toddler 's mother was holding the two-year-old boy and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the cheetah exhibit at the cleveland metroparks zoo . The boy 's leg was injured in the fall , but he was not attacked by the animals , officials said . He is listed in stable condition after being taken to metrohealth medical center and suffered from minor bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital .
The toddler 's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on saturday around 3pm . The child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital .
Visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on saturday . His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived . He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition . Dr christopher kuhar said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday . A mother was holding the two-year-old boy and another child .
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists . It has not been working for two years , a single fixed device was switched off in west midlands . It is a speed camera has been turned round and is pointing at this house in birmingham . The speed has been been taken by a small number of mobile cameras .
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham . The speed camera has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham . However , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands . Around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in march 2013 .
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham . However , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham . However , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands . The speed camera has not been working for more than two years .
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham . However , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .
However , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands . Big brother is watching : a speed camera has been turned round and is pointing at this house in birmingham , west midlands the speed camera has not been working for more than two years
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit . But it has not been working for two years after being switched off . Mystery surrounds who re-pointed the camera in handsworth , birmingham .
Speed camera has been turned round and is pointing at this house in Birmingham , West Midlands
Speed camera pointed at house in birmingham , west midlands . Every single fixed device in the region was switched off in march 2013 .
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham . However , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands . The speed camera has not been working for more than two years .
The owners of this house better not leave too quickly , after a speed camera was angled directly on their front door . The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham . However , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit . But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands . Around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in March 2013 .
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit . It has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands . However , it has not been working for more than two years .
Around 300 speed and traffic camera were turned off in the west midlands . It has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off . Birmingham city council said they were aware of it .
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit . But every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands . Around 300 speed and traffic camera turned off across the region in march 2013 . The speed camera has not been working for more than two years .
Usain bolt will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team . The six-time olympic gold medalist will be part of jamaica 's team at the iaaf/btc world . Bolt is the iaaf/btc general secretary garth gayle said he always does ` best to make his country proud ' . The jamaica athletics administrative association has announced the world 's fastest man will be in the bahamas next month .
Usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas . The six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team . Bolt reacts as he wins 4x100m gold at the london olympic games in 2012 .
Usain bolt has confirmed he will be part of jamaica 's team at the world relays in the bahamas . The six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team . Usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas next month , the jamaica athletics administrative association has announced .
Usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas . The six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team . Bolt insists he always does ` his best to make his country proud ' .
Usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas next month . The six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team . Usain bolt has confirmed he will be part of jamaica 's team at the world relays in the bahamas .
Usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas . The six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 . Usain bolt has confirmed he will be part of jamaica 's team at the world relays in the bahamas .
Usain bolt will compete at the iaaf / btc world relays in the bahamas next month , the jamaica athletics administrative association has announced . The six - time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team . Usain bolt has confirmed he will be part of jamaica 's team at the world relays in the bahamas
Usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas . The six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team . ' i 'm happy to be part of the jamaican team for the iaaf / btc world relays in the bahamas . I am fit , healthy and ready to run , ' said bolt .
Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt has confirmed he will be part of the Jamaican team at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas .
Usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas . The six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team . ' i 'm happy to be part of the jamaican team for the iaaf / btc world relays in the bahamas . I am fit , healthy and ready to run , ' said bolt .
Usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas next month , the jamaica athletics administrative association has announced . The six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team . Usain bolt has confirmed he will be part of jamaica 's team at the world relays in the bahamas .
Usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas next month , the jamaica athletics administrative association has announced . The six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team . ` i 'm happy to be part of the jamaican team for the iaaf / btc world relays in the bahamas .
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas . The six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete on May 2 and 3 . Bolt insists he always does ` his best to make his country proud ' while wearing Jamaica colours .
Usain bolt will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team . The six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 . Bolt insists he always does ' his best to make his country proud ' .
Usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas next month . The jamaica athletics administrative association has confirmed he will be part of the jamaican team for the iaaf / btc world relays . Bolt insists he does ` his best to make his country proud ' the competition will be announced on may 2 and 3 .
Bolt has confirmed he will be part of jamaica 's team at the world relays . The six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 . Bolt reacts as he wins 4x100m gold at london olympic games . Usain bolt will compete in the bahamas next month .
Real madrid beat chile 1-0 in el clasico on thursday . Dani alves and dani alves scored the goals in the euro league contest . Neymar and alves joined the club 's sister rafaella on sunday . Real madrid remain top of their euro league rivals at the emirates .
Neymar and dani alves proved their dedication to barcelona by supporting the club 's basketball side . Neymar and alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday night alongside the brazilian 's sister rafaella . Real madrid remain top of their euro league division over their bitter rivals .
However real madrid remain top of their euro league division over their bitter rivals , just by points difference . Team-mates neymar and dani alves proved their dedication to barcelona by supporting the club 's basketball side . Barca prevailed with a narrow 85-80 victory in the euro league contest .
Neymar and alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday night . Real madrid remain top of their euro league division over bitter rivals . Neymar 's sister rafaella attends a euro league basketball match between barcelona and real madrid .
Brazil star neymar takes a selfie with friends and barcelona team-mate dani alves ( right ) . However real madrid remain top of their euro league division over their bitter rivals , just by points difference . Neymar 's sister rafaella led his national side to a 1-0 win over chile at the emirates last weekend .
Neymar and dani alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday night . Neymar helped brazil beat chile 1-0 at the emirates stadium on sunday . Neymar and his barcelona team-mates return to la liga on sunday .
Neymar and alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday night alongside the brazilian 's sister rafaella . Barca prevailed with a narrow 85 - 80 victory in the euro league contest . Brazil star neymar ( centre ) takes a selfie with friends and barcelona team - mate dani alves ( right ) however real madrid remain top of their euro league division over their bitter rivals , just by points difference .
Barcelona beat real madrid 85-80 in el clasico on thursday night . Neymar and team-mate dani alves watched the euro league clash . The brazil star 's sister rafaella also attended the game . Neymar helped brazil beat chile 1-0 at the emirates on sunday .
Barcelona team-mates Neymar and Dani Alves head to watch El Clasico on Thursday night
Barcelona beat real madrid 85-80 in the euro league basketball match . Luis enrique 's side remain four points clear at the top of la liga . Neymar helped brazil beat chile 1-0 at the emirates on sunday .
Team-mates neymar and dani alves proved their dedication to barcelona by supporting the club 's basketball side . Neymar and alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday night alongside the brazilian 's sister rafaella . Barca prevailed with a narrow 85-80 victory in the euro league contest .
Team-mates neymar and dani alves proved their dedication to barcelona by supporting the club 's basketball side . Neymar and alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday night alongside the brazilian 's sister rafaella . Barca prevailed with a narrow 85-80 victory in the euro league contest .
Neymar and Dani Alves went to watch El Clasico on Thursday night . Barcelona beat Real Madrid 85-80 in the Euro League contest . Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division over their bitter rivals , just by points difference . Neymar and his Barcelona team-mates return to La Liga on Sunday .
Neymar and alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday night . Dani alves proved their dedication to barcelona by supporting basketball side . Real madrid remain top of their euro league division over their bitter rivals .
Neymar helped brazil beat chile 1-0 at the emirates stadium on sunday . Real madrid remain top of their euro league division . Luis enrique 's barcelona had won their el clasico to move four points clear at the top of la liga .
Neymar and dani alves proved their dedication to barcelona . Neymar and alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday night . Neymar helped brazil beat chile 1-0 at the emirates stadium on sunday . Real madrid remain top of their euro league division over their rivals .
A total of 8,480 migrants were rescued at sea during the first weekend of april . The italian coast guard says 400 migrants are missing in the mediterranean sea . The 400 migrants have died while crossing the libyan coast . The coast guard official says 20 boats are missing . The group fears 400 migrants could be missing .
Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from africa and middle east . From friday to monday , a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard , which said it received on monday -- alone -- sos calls from 20 boats in distress . The italian coast guard , however , told cnn the group fears 400 migrants could be missing .
From friday to monday , a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard , which said it received on monday -- alone -- sos calls from 20 boats in distress . On tuesday , a spokesman with save the children told cnn the group fears 400 migrants could be missing , citing testimony from survivors who said their ship carrying 550 people capsized in the mediterranean sea about 80 miles off the libyan coast . Rome ( cnn ) italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from africa and middle east hoping to make it to europe .
Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from africa and middle east . A total of 8,480 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard . There has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the mediterranean into italy .
Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from africa and middle east hoping to make it to europe . From friday to monday , a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard . On tuesday , a spokesman with save the children told cnn the group fears 400 migrants could be missing .
Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from africa and middle east hoping to make it to europe . From friday to monday , a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard , which said it received on monday -- alone -- sos calls from 20 boats in distress . On tuesday , a spokesman with save the children told cnn the group fears 400 migrants could be missing .
Rome ( cnn ) italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from africa and middle east hoping to make it to europe . From friday to monday , a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard , which said it received on monday -- alone -- sos calls from 20 boats in distress .
There has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the mediterranean into italy . Most migrants recorded this year come from countries in west africa as well as somalia and syria . At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the mediterranean since the beginning of the year .
Italy 's coast guard says it has rescued 8,480 migrants since Friday , more than 1,000 of whom are believed to have died TIMELINE : Migrant crisis in the Mediterranean The IOM says that of the 8,480 migrants rescued by Italian coast guard vessels , 5,943 were women and children , and 1,852 were men . The IOM says that of the 1,852 women and children , 781 were from Eritrea
8,480 migrants were rescued from friday to monday , the italian coast guard says . Save the children fears 400 migrants could be missing . There has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the mediterranean into italy .
From friday to monday , a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard , which said it received on monday -- alone -- sos calls from 20 boats in distress . On tuesday , a spokesman with save the children told cnn the group fears 400 migrants could be missing , citing testimony from survivors who said their ship carrying 550 people capsized in the mediterranean sea about 80 miles off the libyan coast . They use libya as a country of transit .
Rome ( cnn ) italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from africa and middle east hoping to make it to europe . From friday to monday , a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard , which said it received on monday -- alone -- sos calls from 20 boats in distress . On tuesday , a spokesman with save the children told cnn the group fears 400 migrants could be missing , citing testimony from survivors who said their ship carrying 550 people capsized in the mediterranean sea about 80 miles off the libyan coast .
A Save the Children spokesman says a ship carrying 550 people capsized off the Libyan coast . The Italian coast guard says it can not confirm such an incident . There has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean . Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving in first three months of 2015 .
Italy is coping with a rising wave of migrants from africa and middle east . A total of 8,480 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard . Sos calls from 20 boats in distress .
Italian coast guard fears 400 migrants could be missing . A migrant boat carrying 550 people capsized in the mediterranean sea . At least 480 migrants have died in 2015 .
A total of 8,480 migrants were rescued . The group fears 400 migrants could be missing . The italian coast guard has not yet found evidence . Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015 .
Alexis sanchez is glad chile forward will be lining up for his side . Arsenal manager arsene wenger does not know the reason . Alexis sanchez has scored 19 goals in 19 goals so far this season . French coach arsene wenger says the club could use the interest in sanchez . The world cup . The arsenal manager says the move is a ` strength ' .
Arsenal manager arsene wenger does not know alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield . Sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona had decided to let him leave , and following the world cup . The french coach admits the possibility liverpool could use their interest in sanchez as leverage during negotiations over luis suarez 's move to the nou camp last summer was always on the cards .
Arsenal manager arsene wenger does not know the exact reason alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield - but he is glad the chile forward will be lining up for his side rather than against them for liverpool on saturday . Sanchez has made an instant impact in english football and has scored 19 goals so far this season . Alexis sanchez was courted by a number of elite clubs last summer but eventually chose arsenal .
Alexis sanchez was courted by a number of elite clubs last summer . Sanchez has scored 19 goals so far this season . Arsenal boss arsene wenger does not know if sanchez decided to join the north london club .
Arsenal boss arsene wenger does not know the exact reason alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield . But he is glad the chile forward will be lining up for his side on saturday . Sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona had decided to let him leave , and following the world cup , the 26-year-old was convinced to continue his career under wenger 's expert guidance .
Arsenal manager arsene wenger does not know the exact reason alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield . Sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona had decided to let him leave , and following the world cup , the 26-year-old was convinced to continue his career under wenger 's expert guidance . The french coach admits the possibility liverpool could use their interest in sanchez as leverage during negotiations over luis suarez 's move to the nou camp .
Arsenal manager arsene wenger does not know the exact reason alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield - but he is glad the chile forward will be lining up for his side rather than against them for liverpool on saturday . Sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona had decided to let him leave , and following the world cup , the 26 - year - old was convinced to continue his career under wenger 's expert guidance , going on to make an instant impression in english football . The french coach , however , admits the possibility liverpool could use their interest in sanchez as leverage during negotiations over luis suarez 's move to the nou camp last summer was always on the cards .
Alexis sanchez joined arsenal for £32million from barcelona last summer . The chile forward was also linked with liverpool and manchester city . Arsene wenger believes sanchez is one of the best in the world . Arsenal host liverpool at the emirates stadium on saturday .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is delighted Alexis Sanchez chose the Emirates over Anfield Wenger revealed that he has been impressed by the way Sanchez has adapted to life in north London ' I have been impressed by his performances , his attitude , his attitude to the game , ' said Wenger . ' I do n't know what is happening with Raheem , but I have been impressed by his attitude and his work-rate . ' I know Liverpool have a lot of money and they
Arsene wenger does not know why alexis sanchez chose arsenal over liverpool . Wenger admits the possibility liverpool could use their interest in sanchez as leverage during negotiations over luis suarez 's move to the nou camp last summer was always on the cards . Wenger has moved to play down speculation linking him with liverpool winger raheem sterling .
Arsenal manager arsene wenger does not know the exact reason alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield - but he is glad the chile forward will be lining up for his side rather than against them for liverpool on saturday . Alexis sanchez was courted by a number of elite clubs last summer but eventually chose arsenal . Arsenal boss arsene wenger ( right ) is delighted that sanchez decided to join the north london club .
Arsenal manager arsene wenger does not know the exact reason alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield - but he is glad the chile forward will be lining up for his side rather than against them for liverpool on saturday . Sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona had decided to let him leave , and following the world cup , the 26-year-old was convinced to continue his career under wenger 's expert guidance , going on to make an instant impression in english football . The french coach , however , admits the possibility liverpool could use their interest in sanchez as leverage during negotiations over luis suarez 's move to the nou camp last summer was always on the cards .
Alexis Sanchez joined Arsenal from Barcelona for £ 32million last summer . Arsene Wenger says he does not know why Sanchez chose the Gunners . Wenger admits Liverpool 's interest in Sanchez was always on the cards . The Arsenal boss has played down talk of a move for Raheem Sterling .
Alexis sanchez has scored 19 goals so far this season . Arsene wenger believes the way sanchez has adapted so quickly to a change in environment proves he is one of the best around . Sanchez has made an instant impact in english football .
Alexis sanchez has scored 19 goals so far this season . Arsenal boss arsene wenger believes sanchez will be fit up for his side . Sanchez has made an impact in english football .
Arsenal boss arsene wenger does not know alexis sanchez will be lining up for liverpool . Sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona had decided to leave . French coach admits liverpool could use their interest in sanchez . Sanchez was courted by a number of elite clubs last summer .
Sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record at london 's olympic velodrome . The 2012 tour de france winner is 35 on april 28 . He is 35 , will attempt to add to his achievements by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . He has four gold , one silver and two bronze - at the 2016 rio olympics . The four-time olympic champion and luke rowe are expected to set a mark which will be broadcast live on sky sports .
Sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome . The four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner , who is 35 on april 28 , will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . ` the hour record is a holy grail for cyclists , ' wiggins said .
Sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome . The four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner , who is 35 on april 28 , will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . ` the hour record is a holy grail for cyclists , ' wiggins said .
Sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome . The four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner , who is 35 on april 28 , will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . Wiggins will hope to race in front of a sell-out crowd at london 's olympic velodrome .
Sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome . The four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner , who is 35 on april 28 , will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . ` the hour record is a holy grail for cyclists , ' wiggins said .
Sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome . The four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . Wiggins finished his team sky career at paris-roubaix last sunday and will ride in next month 's inaugural tour de yorkshire for his eponymous team before preparing for the hour as part of his return to the track .
Sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome . The four - time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner , who is 35 on april 28 , will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . ' The hour record is a holy grail for cyclists , ' wiggins said . Four - time olympic champion bradley wiggins will bid to break cycling 's hour record in june
Bradley wiggins will attempt to break cycling 's hour record in june . The four-time olympic champion will race at london 's olympic velodrome . Wiggins finished his team sky career in the paris-roubaix on sunday .
Sir Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break cycling 's hour record in June Wiggins ' record attempt will take place on June 7 at London 's Olympic Velodrome Wiggins will be joined in the attempt by fellow British record holder Luke Rowe , who is also a time trial specialist . Rowe , who is also a former world time trial champion , is the only man to have completed the distance in an hour . Wiggins ' attempt will mark the first time a British
Sir bradley wiggins will attempt to break cycling 's hour record in june . Wiggins will race in front of a sell-out crowd at london 's olympic velodrome . The briton finished his team sky career at paris-roubaix last sunday .
Sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome . The four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner , who is 35 on april 28 , will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . Four-time olympic champion bradley wiggins will bid to break cycling 's hour record in june .
Sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome . The four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner , who is 35 on april 28 , will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . ` the hour record is a holy grail for cyclists , ' wiggins said .
Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break cycling 's hour record in June . The four-time Olympic champion will race at the Lee Valley VeloPark . The current record is 52.491 km , set by Australian Rohan Dennis . Tickets for the event will go on sale on April 19 .
Sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome . The four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . Wiggins finished his team sky career in the paris-roubaix 253.5km one-day race on sunday .
Sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 at london 's olympic velodrome . The four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner will bid to add to riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes . Wiggins will hope for a capacity 6,000 crowd to spur on his attempt .
Sir bradley wiggins will bid for hour record on june 7 . The four-time olympic champion is 35 on april 28 . Wiggins finished his team sky career in the paris-roubaix 253.5 km one-day race . Wiggins will bid to break cycling 's hour record in june . Wiggins expected to set a mark which will last for some time .
Serena williams beat sara errani 4-6 7-6 ( 3 ) in the fed cup . The claycourt season gets into full swing . World no 1 williams defeated sara errani in the semi-finals . The american tennis star is to beat the italian sara errani .
Serena williams defeated sara errani in the fed cup on sunday . World no 1 williams eventually prevailed 4-6 7-6 ( 3 ) 6-3 against the us tennis star serena williams fought back to beat italian sara errani in the fed cup play-off on sunday . Williams , 33 , won her 19th singles grand slam at the australian open and her dominance has raised talk of her claiming all the majors .
American tennis star serena williams fought back to beat italian sara errani in the fed cup play-off on sunday . Williams congratulates italy captain corrado barazzutti after competing in america 's doubles defeat . The us were beaten 3-2 as williams and alison riske were thrashed 6-0 6-3 in the doubles rubber by errani and flavia pennetta , meaning they were relegated to world group ii .
Serena williams said her struggle to beat sara errani in the fed cup on sunday had been a real ` eye-opener ' as the claycourt season gets into full swing . World no 1 williams eventually prevailed 4-6 7-6 ( 3 ) 6-3 against the dogged italian to take her career record over her to 8-0 . Williams and alison riske were thrashed 6-0 6-3 in the doubles rubber by errani and flavia pennetta .
World no 1 williams said her struggle to beat sara errani in the fed cup . World no 1 williams eventually prevailed 4-6 7-6 ( 3 ) 6-3 against the dogged italian to take her career record over her to 8-0 but the american was not impressed . American tennis star serena williams fought back to beat italian sara errani in the fed cup play-off on sunday .
Serena williams said her struggle to beat sara errani in the fed cup on sunday had been a real ` eye-opener ' as the claycourt season gets into full swing . World no 1 williams eventually prevailed 4-6 7-6 ( 3 ) 6-3 against the dogged italian to take her career record over her to 8-0 but the american was not impressed . The us were beaten 3-2 as williams and alison riske were thrashed 6-0 6-3 in the doubles rubber by errani and flavia pennetta .
Twice french open champion serena williams said her struggle to beat sara errani in the fed cup on sunday had been a real ' eye - opener ' as the claycourt season gets into full swing . World no 1 williams eventually prevailed 4 - 6 7 - 6 ( 3 ) 6 - 3 against the dogged italian to take her career record over her to 8 - 0 but the american was not impressed . The us were beaten 3 - 2 as williams and alison riske were thrashed 6 - 0 6 - 3 in the doubles rubber by errani and flavia pennetta , meaning they were relegated to world group ii .
Serena williams beat sara errani 4-6 7-6 ( 3 ) 6-3 in fed cup play-off . Us beat italy 3-2 but williams and alison riske lost doubles rubber . World no 1 admits she is not ready for claycourt season yet .
Serena Williams won 6-3 6-3 against Sara Errani to become the first woman to win four majors Williams was happy with her performance in the Fed Cup , but she was not impressed by the way Errani had played Errani and Pennetta were beaten 6-0 6-3 by Williams and Alison Riske in the doubles rubber Errani was not impressed by Williams ' display , saying : ' I did n't play bad today but
Serena williams beat sara errani 4-6 7-6 ( 3 ) 6-3 in the fed cup play-off . The world no 1 eventually won the match to take her career record to 8-0 . Williams and alison riske were thrashed 6-0 6-3 in the doubles rubber .
Twice french open champion serena williams said her struggle to beat sara errani in the fed cup on sunday had been a real ` eye-opener ' as the claycourt season gets into full swing . The us were beaten 3-2 as williams and alison riske were thrashed 6-0 6-3 in the doubles rubber by errani and flavia pennetta , meaning they were relegated to world group ii . American tennis star serena williams fought back to beat italian sara errani in the fed cup play-off on sunday .
Twice french open champion serena williams said her struggle to beat sara errani in the fed cup on sunday had been a real ` eye-opener ' as the claycourt season gets into full swing . World no 1 williams eventually prevailed 4-6 7-6 ( 3 ) 6-3 against the dogged italian to take her career record over her to 8-0 but the american was not impressed . The us were beaten 3-2 as williams and alison riske were thrashed 6-0 6-3 in the doubles rubber by errani and flavia pennetta , meaning they were relegated to world group ii .
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6 ( 3 ) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off . The US were beaten 3-2 as Williams and Alison Riske were thrashed in the doubles rubber . The doubles defeat saw the US relegated to World Group II .
Serena williams said her struggle to beat sara errani in the fed cup play-off . World no 1 williams eventually prevailed 4-6 7-6 ( 3 ) 6-3 against italian sara errani . Williams , 33 , won her 19th singles grand slam at the australian open .
World no 1 williams beat sara errani in the fed cup play-off on sunday . The us were beaten 6-0 6-3 in the doubles rubber by errani and flavia pennetta . Serena williams won her 19th singles grand slam at the australian open .
French open champion serena williams says her struggle to beat sara errani . Serena williams beat italian sara errani in the fed cup play-off . Williams eventually prevailed 4-6 7-6 ( 3 ) 6-3 against italian . Williams and alison riske were relegated to world group ii . Williams won her 19th singles grand slam at the australian open .
Radamel falcao has struggled on loan at old trafford this term . Colombia forward spent eight years with the argentine side before leaving for porto in 2009 and river plate are open to falcao returning . Falcao has been in good form for his countrythis week , scoring just four premier league goals . The argentine club ` dream of falcao ' and that ` the doors are open ' .
Manchester united striker radamel falcao has struggled on loan at manchester united . Colombia forward spent eight years with the argentine side before leaving for porto in 2009 and river plate are open to falcao returning . River plate are keen to sign former forward radamel falcao who has struggled during a season-long loan spell at old trafford this term .
The colombia forward spent eight years with the argentine side before leaving for porto in 2009 and river plate are open to falcao returning . River plate are keen to sign manchester united striker radamel falcao but admit a deal is complicated . River plate are keen to sign former forward radamel falcao who has struggled on loan at manchester united .
Radamel falcao spent eight years with the argentine side before leaving for porto in 2009 and river plate are open to equal colombia 's all-time goalscoring record with 24 goals . Falcao scored 34 goals in 90 appearances for the argentine club during his four seasons in the first team .
River plate are keen to sign manchester united striker radamel falcao but admit a deal is complicated . The colombia forward spent eight years with the argentine side before leaving for porto in 2009 and river plate are open to falcao returning . River plate are keen to sign former forward radamel falcao who has struggled on loan at old trafford this term .
Radamel falcao spent eight years with the argentine side before leaving for porto in 2009 and river plate are open to falcao . The colombia forward spent four premier league goals and it remains to be seen whether united will exercise the option to keep the frontman or whether he will return to monaco .
River plate are keen to sign manchester united striker radamel falcao but admit a deal is complicated . The colombia forward spent eight years with the argentine side before leaving for porto in 2009 and river plate are open to falcao returning . During an interview with esto es river program , vice president matias patanian said : ' we dream of falcao garcia . The doors are open . '
River plate are keen to sign manchester united striker radamel falcao . Falcao spent eight years with the argentine club before joining porto . River plate vice president matias patanian admits the club 'dream of falcao ' and that 'the doors are open ' .
River Plate are keen to sign Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao , but have to work through the process of bringing him to the club
River plate are keen to sign radamel falcao from manchester united . The colombia striker has struggled on loan at old trafford this season . River plate vice president matias patanian admits the club 'dreams of falcao '
River plate are keen to sign manchester united striker radamel falcao but admit a deal is complicated . The colombia forward spent eight years with the argentine side before leaving for porto in 2009 and river plate are open to falcao returning . The doors are open .
River plate are keen to sign manchester united striker radamel falcao but admit a deal is complicated . The colombia forward spent eight years with the argentine side before leaving for porto in 2009 and river plate are open to falcao returning . During an interview with esto es river program , vice president matias patanian said : ` we dream of falcao garcia .
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club ` dream of Falcao ' and that ` the doors are open ' The Colombia forward spent eight years with the Argentine side before leaving for Porto in 2009 . The 29-year-old has struggled on loan at Manchester United this season .
Radamel falcao has been in good goalscoring form for manchester united . The 29-year-old has struggled in a season-long loan at manchester united . The frontman has been scoring just four premier league goals .
River plate are keen to sign former forward radamel falcao . The colombia forward spent eight years with the argentine side . Falcao has struggled during a season-long loan spell at old trafford .
River plate are keen to sign radamel falcao but admit a deal is complicated . Colombia forward spent eight years with the argentine side . Radamel falcao struggled on loan at manchester united . The 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at old trafford .
Ella henderson , 19-year-old , has been announced as the face of dry shampoo brand . The 19-year-old has been named as the batiste 's 2015 ` ready for it ' campaign . Ella henderson has been the singer 's first brand in 2012 . The singer is wearing a black lacy dress with a black fringed leather jacket . The campaign features the singer singer and the uk 's brand .
X factor finalist ella henderson revealed as face of dry shampoo company batiste . The 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's 2015 ` ready for it ' campaign . It 's now been revealed that x factor finalist and pop star ella henderson has joined forces with dry shampoo brand batiste .
The 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's 2015 ` ready for it ' campaign , and this will mark the star 's first brand collaboration . X factor finalist , ella henderson , has been revealed as the face of dry shampoo company batiste . The campaign sees the 19-year-old singer stood against a blurred city background with her long hair styled into a half-pony .
X factor finalist , ella henderson , joins forces with dry shampoo brand batiste . 19-year-old has been announced as official face of the batiste 's 2015 .
X factor finalist , ella henderson , has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's 2015 ` ready for it ' campaign . In one shot , henderson is seen with her glossy lustrous hair worn down and in a wavy style .
X factor finalist and pop star ella henderson has joined forces with dry shampoo brand batiste . The 19-year-old has been announced as the face of the batiste 's 2015 ` ready for it ' campaign . It turns out her long flowing locks have also become the source of much attention .
It 's now been revealed that x factor finalist and pop star ella henderson has joined forces with dry shampoo brand batiste . The 19 - year - old has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's 2015 ' ready for it ' campaign , and this will mark the star 's first brand collaboration . X factor finalist , ella henderson , has been revealed as the face of dry shampoo company batiste
Ella , 19 , announced as face of batiste 's 2015 'ready for it ' campaign . This will be the singer 's first brand collaboration . Henderson rose to fame in 2012 's series of the x factor .
Batiste Dry Shampoo is a dry shampoo that is all about styling your hair and making it look its best . 'Ella is a natural beauty and we are delighted to be working with her to highlight her natural beauty and to create a new image of her as a natural beauty . 'We are very proud to be working with Ella and we are looking forward to sharing her new images with the world . '
Ella , 19 , announced as face of batiste 's 2015 'ready for it ' campaign . X factor finalist 's first brand collaboration with the uk 's no 1 dry shampoo .
It 's now been revealed that x factor finalist and pop star ella henderson has joined forces with dry shampoo brand batiste . The 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's 2015 ` ready for it ' campaign , and this will mark the star 's first brand collaboration . X factor finalist , ella henderson , has been revealed as the face of dry shampoo company batiste .
It may have been her impressive vocals that propelled her to fame in 2012 's series of the x factor , but it turns out her long flowing locks have also become the source of much attention . It 's now been revealed that x factor finalist and pop star ella henderson has joined forces with dry shampoo brand batiste . The 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's 2015 ` ready for it ' campaign , and this will mark the star 's first brand collaboration .
X Factor finalist Ella Henderson has joined forces with dry shampoo brand Batiste . The 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the 2015 ` Ready For It ' campaign . This will mark the star 's first brand collaboration and her first endorsement .
Ella henderson has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's 2015 ' ready for it ' campaign ' . The campaign sees the 19-year-old singer stood against a blurred city background with her long hair styled into a half-pony . Henderson has commented on her excitement on working with the brand , citing it as a product she uses regularly .
X factor finalist and pop star ella henderson has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's 2015 ` ready for it ' campaign . This will mark the star 's first brand collaboration . The 19-year-old singer is the face of dry shampoo company batiste .
Ella henderson has joined forces with dry shampoo brand batiste . The 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's ` ready for it ' x factor finalist ella henderson revealed as face of dry shampoo company batiste . The campaign images shows the singer stood against a blurred and vibrant city background .
Aaron siler aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . The billboard was erected in kenosham , wisconsin . He was wanted on an active felony probation and parole warrant . He has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog .
Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting .
Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . In the meantime a billboard , paid for by the kenosha professional police association , has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog . ` thank you for your support , kenosha , ' it reads .
Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting .
Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting .
Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . In the meantime a billboard , paid for by the kenosha professional police association .
Family and friends of man shot dead by police last month are in shock after a billboard featuring the officer who pulled the trigger was erected in kenosham , wisconsin . Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ' armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . In the meantime a billboard , paid for by the kenosha professional police association , has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog . '
Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . A billboard , paid for by the kenosha professional police association , has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog . 'thank you for your support , kenosha , ' it reads . Siler 's family and friends have
Aaron Siler , 26 , was shot and killed by a Kenosha police officer after he allegedly 'armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . A GoFundMe page set up to help Siler 's family pay for a memorial has raised more than $ 2,000 in less than 48 hours .
Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . In the meantime a billboard , paid for by the kenosha professional police association , has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog . 'thank you for your support , kenosha , ' it reads . Siler 's family and friends have called the billboard 'disrespectful ' and are asking for it be taken down .
Family and friends of man shot dead by police last month are in shock after a billboard featuring the officer who pulled the trigger was erected in kenosham , wisconsin . Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting .
Family and friends of man shot dead by police last month are in shock after a billboard featuring the officer who pulled the trigger was erected in kenosham , wisconsin . Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting .
Aaron Siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . A billboard , paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association , has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog . Siler 's family and friends have called the billboard ` disrespectful '
Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . Siler 's family and friends have called the billboard ' disrespectful ' and said it should be taken down .
Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . Torres has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog . Siler 's family and friends have called the billboard ` disrespectful ' and said it should be taken down .
Aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' torres is on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . Aaron siler was shot dead by police last month . Siler 's family called the billboard ` disrespectful ' and are asking for it be taken down . Family and friends of man shot dead by police last month are in shock .
Three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the town of negur . Jaish al adal claimed responsibility for the attack . The iranian state media says the militants crossed into the country . The militants have been killed in clashes with pakistan , iranian media says . The sunni muslim group says it is investigating the incident .
Three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the fighting monday in negur . Three of the militants have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with pakistan . A militant group called jaish al adal claimed responsibility for the attack .
Three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the fighting monday in the southeastern town of negur , the state-run news agency irna reported . ( cnn ) eight iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with pakistan , iranian state media reported . A militant group called jaish al adal claimed responsibility for the attack , according to iranian state media and a twitter account believed to be associated with the organization .
Three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the fighting monday in the southeastern town of negur . Iranian officials have reportedly asked pakistani authorities to catch the surviving assailants . Jaish al adal has also claimed responsibility for the attack .
Eight iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border . Three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the fighting monday . A militant group called jaish al adal claimed responsibility for the attack .
The news agency cited ali asghar mirshekari , the deputy governor of iran 's sistan-baluchestan province . Three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the fighting monday in the southeastern town of negur . Iranian officials have reportedly asked pakistani authorities to catch the surviving assailants .
( cnn ) eight iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with pakistan , iranian state media reported . Three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the fighting monday in the southeastern town of negur , the state - run news agency irna reported . A militant group called jaish al adal claimed responsibility for the attack , according to iranian state media and a twitter account believed to be associated with the organization .
A militant group called jaish al adal claims responsibility for the attack . Iranian state media says the militants crossed into iran from pakistan . The pakistani government condemns the attack , calling it an `` act of terrorism ''
The Iranian border guards were killed by militants in the eastern province of Baluchistan . Iran is a major ally of Pakistan in the region .
Eight iranian border guards killed in clashes with militants near the border with pakistan , iranian state media reports . A militant group called jaish al adal claimed responsibility for the attack .
( cnn ) eight iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with pakistan , iranian state media reported . Three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the fighting monday in the southeastern town of negur , the state-run news agency irna reported . Iranian officials have reportedly asked pakistani authorities to catch the surviving assailants .
( cnn ) eight iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with pakistan , iranian state media reported . Three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the fighting monday in the southeastern town of negur , the state-run news agency irna reported . The news agency cited ali asghar mirshekari , the deputy governor of iran 's sistan-baluchestan province , who said the militants crossed into the country from pakistan .
Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan . A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack , according to Iranian state media . The Pakistani government condemned Monday 's attack , calling it an `` act of terrorism ``
Three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the southeastern town of negur . A militant group called jaish al adal claimed responsibility for the attack . Jaish al adal has also claimed responsibility for attacks on iranian territory .
Three of the militants were killed by iranian forces near the border with pakistan , iranian state media reports . Jaish al adal says it aims to thwart iranian influence in pakistan . The sunni muslim group has targeted shiites .
Eight iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants . Jaish al adal claims responsibility for the attack . Three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the fighting . New : iranian officials have asked pakistani authorities to catch the surviving assailants .
Video game `` space invaders `` was developed in japan back in 1970 . The classic video game is the latest in the u.s.-based wwe . The is the of the new japan pro wrestling organization . The `` classic game `` has been in japan 's upper house for a second stint in politics in 2013 . The former is the founder of new japan 's new japan .
`` space invaders `` was developed in japan back in the late 1970 's -- and now their real-life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in japan 's corridors of power . Luckily , japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government 's top military official earnestly . Inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe -- which describes him as `` among the most respected men in sports-entertainment `` .
( cnn ) the classic video game `` space invaders `` was developed in japan back in the late 1970 's -- and now their real-life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in japan 's corridors of power . Luckily , japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's air self defense force ( asdf ) had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object . Read more : japan unveils izumo , its largest warship since world war ii .
The video game `` space invaders `` was developed in japan back in the 1970 's . The country 's air self defense force ( asdf ) had never encountered an extraterrestrial flying object . Inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe -- which describes him as `` among the most respected men `` .
The classic video game `` space invaders `` was developed in japan back in the late 1970 . Luckily , japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government 's top military official revealed that the country 's air self defense force had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object .
Japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as government 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's air self defense force had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object . Inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe -- which describes him as `` among the most respected men in sports-entertainment ``
( cnn ) the classic video game `` space invaders `` was developed in japan back in the late 1970 's -- and now their real - life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in japan 's corridors of power . Luckily , japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's air self defense force ( asdf ) had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object .
Defense minister gen nakatani says japan has never encountered an extraterrestrial ufo . He was responding to a question from former wrestler-turned-lawmaker antonio inoki . Inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe and is the founder of the new japan pro wrestling organization .
Japan 's military has never seen an alien , and apparently never will . Image : AP This article originally published at The Daily Dot here
Japan 's top military official reveals that the country 's air self defense force has never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object . Defense minister gen nakatani told the diet that his jets had , to date , never come across any ufos from outer space . Inoki has claimed to have seen a ufo with his own eyes , but admitted that he did n't know personally if aliens existed .
( cnn ) the classic video game `` space invaders `` was developed in japan back in the late 1970 's -- and now their real-life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in japan 's corridors of power . He entered japan 's upper house for a second stint in politics in 2013 . He reportedly converted to islam in the 1990s , although he says he practices both islam and buddhism .
( cnn ) the classic video game `` space invaders `` was developed in japan back in the late 1970 's -- and now their real-life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in japan 's corridors of power . Luckily , japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's air self defense force ( asdf ) had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object . Responding to a query from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker antonio inoki , defense minister gen nakatani told the diet , japan 's parliament , that his jets had , to date , never come across any ufos from outer space .
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told the Diet , Japan 's parliament , that his jets had , to date , never come across any UFOs from outer space . Inoki had asked if aircraft were ever scrambled to meet extraterrestrial threats , and if research was being done into alien visitors .
`` space invaders `` is the founder of the new japan pro wrestling organization . Inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe -- which describes him as `` among the most respected men in sports-entertainment `` .
The classic video game `` space invaders `` was developed in japan . Defense minister gen nakatani said japan 's air self defense force never had an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object . Inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe .
`` space invaders `` was developed in japan back in 1970 . Japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as government 's top military official . He also fought muhammad ali in 1976 . Inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe .
Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of eastern china 's anhui province . Passenger was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was ` worried it might not be clean ' . Passenger reportedly told his friends for help and had hoped they would assist but he was too badly hurt for anything other than an immediate trip to hospital .
Jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei , china 's anhui province . Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed , leaving him hospitalised . The injured man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he telephoned his travelling companions for help .
Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of hefei , the capital city of eastern china 's anhui province , when it smashed to the ground . According to airport officials he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was ` worried it might not be clean ' . The injured man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had telephoned his travelling companions for help .
Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed , leaving him hospitalised . He was caught out when the porcelain toilet then tipped over and shattered on the floor , cutting the man in several places .
Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet . He was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed , leaving him hospitalised . Passenger reportedly confessed to his friends that he was squatting on the toilet . But later changed his story to the police , possibly to avoid paying compensation .
Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of hefei , the capital city of eastern china 's anhui province , when it smashed to the ground . Airport officials he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was ` worried it might not be clean '
A passenger waiting to board a plane in an airport terminal has been hospitalised with deep cuts on his leg and buttocks after he broke a toilet he was squatting on . Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of hefei , the capital city of eastern china 's anhui province , when it smashed to the ground . According to airport officials he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was ' worried it might not be clean ' .
Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed . He was hospitalised with deep cuts on his leg and buttocks . Authorities said they believed the incident was an accident .
A passenger was found to have broken a toilet he was squatting on , and he was too embarrassed to shout for help and instead blamed it on his own stupidity .
Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed . He had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was 'worried it might not be clean ' but the toilet tipped over and shattered on the floor , cutting the man in several places .
A passenger waiting to board a plane in an airport terminal has been hospitalised with deep cuts on his leg and buttocks after he broke a toilet he was squatting on . Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of hefei , the capital city of eastern china 's anhui province , when it smashed to the ground . Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed , leaving him hospitalised .
A passenger waiting to board a plane in an airport terminal has been hospitalised with deep cuts on his leg and buttocks after he broke a toilet he was squatting on . Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of hefei , the capital city of eastern china 's anhui province , when it smashed to the ground . According to airport officials he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was ` worried it might not be clean ' .
Jin Pai , 35 , was standing on rim of toilet in Hefei Xinqiao International Airport . Airport officials said he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat . But he was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered . He received dozens of stitches on his left leg and buttocks .
Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed , leaving him hospitalised with deep cuts on his leg and buttocks after he broke a toilet he was squatting on . Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it smashed to the ground . According to airport officials he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was ' worried it might not be clean ' .
Passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei , china 's anhui province , when it smashed to the ground . He was caught out when the toilet then tipped over and shattered on the toilet floor . He had been too embarrassed to shout for help but he changed his story to the police .
Jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in the city of hefei . He was ` worried it might not be clean ' passenger jin pai was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed . The smashed up toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport . The injured man was found bleeding on the toilet floor .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found hidden hidden camera in her bathroom . Police were able to trace back to the man a pennsylvania man was arrested . He was allegedly sexually abusing a girl in her home over a year period . The 15-year-old , now 15 , and others with a hidden camera camera in a bathroom . Rebbie admitted to filming several victims , including other juveniles , but had purchased the camera specifically so he could record the now-15-year-old victim . Rebbie and the .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy . The investigation began when a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in a bathroom in her limerick township home in march . Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man . The investigation began when a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in a bathroom in her limerick township home in march , according to prosecutors . She told investigators that rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy . She told investigators that rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep . Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom , 34 of which showed victims as they showered .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom . Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in her bathroom . Kevin rebbie , 56 , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy . The videos were captured over a three - or four-year time period , according to prosecutors .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after a 15 - year - old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man a pennsylvania man was arrested after allegedly sexually abusing a girl in her home over a four - year period and filming the girl , now 15 , and others with a hidden camera in a bathroom . Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy , the montgomery county district attorney 's office said .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom . She told investigators that rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep . Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom .
A Pennsylvania man was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to him The girl told investigators that Rebbie would come into her bedroom while she was sleeping and molest her , according to Philly.com Authorities say Rebbie would come into her bedroom while she was sleeping and molest her , according to the Pottstown Mercury The girl told investigators that Rebbie would come into her
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy . The investigation began when a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in a bathroom in her home in march . She told investigators that rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man . A pennsylvania man was arrested after allegedly sexually abusing a girl in her home over a four-year period and filming the girl , now 15 , and others with a hidden camera in a bathroom . The relationship between rebbie and the girl 's family is unknown .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man . A pennsylvania man was arrested after allegedly sexually abusing a girl in her home over a four-year period and filming the girl , now 15 , and others with a hidden camera in a bathroom . Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy , the montgomery county district attorney 's office said .
Kevin Rebbie , 56 , of Limerick Township , Pennsylvania , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy . Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy . Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom , 34 of which showed victims as they showered . Rebbie uploaded the videos , some included close-up images of children 's genitalia .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after allegedly sexually abusing a girl in her home over a four-year period and filming the girl , now 15 , and others with a hidden camera in a bathroom . She faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy . Rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep .
Kevin rebbie , 56 , was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom . He allegedly sexually abusing a girl in her home over a four-year period . Kevin rebbie , 56 , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault . The investigation began when a 15-year-old found a hidden camera under the sink . She told investigators that rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing .
Japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers in the air next to their daughters . Images are from the 37-year-old 's latest book that roughly translates to daughter and a salaryman each image . The images are also to be part of a book of the father-daughter photographer . The 37-year-old has been captured by photographer photographer yûki .
Japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air . In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose . The images are from the 37-year-old 's latest book which roughly translates into daughter and salary man .
Japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air . The images are from the 37-year-old 's latest book which roughly translates into daughter and salary man . A series of images by photographer yûki aoyama sees fathers leaping into the air next to their daughters .
Photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air . In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose .
Japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air . In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose .
Japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air . In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose .
Japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po - faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air . In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose . A series of images by photographer yûki aoyama sees fathers leaping into the air next to their daughters the images are from the 37 - year - old 's latest book which roughly translates into daughter and salary man .
Japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers . In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose . The images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates as daughter and salaryman .
A father-daughter pair who have been posing for their father in front of various Japanese landmarks are making a name for themselves online . Related :
Japanese photographer y ? Ki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers . In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose . The images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates as daughter and salary man .
Japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air . A series of images by photographer yûki aoyama sees fathers leaping into the air next to their daughters . The images are from the 37-year-old 's latest book which roughly translates into daughter and salary man .
Sick of awkward father-daughter portraits ? Well one photographer has found an effective - if a little odd - way of making them more interesting . Japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air .
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air . In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose . The images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salaryman .
Japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers . The images are from the 37-year-old 's latest book which roughly translates as daughter and salaryman . Each image sees the daughter stood po-faced as their father makes an energetic leap .
Japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers next to their daughters . Images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates into daughter and salary man . The 37-year-old 's images include .
Japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers . Images are from the 37-year-old 's latest book which translates into daughter and salary man . Photographer yûki aoyama sees fathers leaping into air next to their daughters . In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while father pulls a dramatic pose .
Paul downton host paul downton as england 's managing director . Kevin pietersen joked with reporters at the kia oval for the photo . He posed for the surrey team photo shoot for surrey at the new campaign . Pietersen joked that he joked with photographers at the end of the season . He is the to return to the international set-up after being axed by former director director in 2014 .
Kevin pietersen takes a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for surrey . Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of the team photo . The batsman joked with photographers at the kia oval for the photo session , with surrey set to begin their campaign at glamorgan on april 19 .
The dismissal of paul downton as england 's managing director may be the big talking point in english cricket but focus has already shifted to the start of the county championship season . Surrey play oxford mccu in a mcc university match on sunday . Kevin pietersen takes a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for surrey .
Kevin pietersen cut a range of emotions as he posed for the surrey team photo before the start of the new county championship season . The batsman joked with photographers at the kia oval for the photo session , with surrey set to begin their campaign at glamorgan on april 19 . Downton 's sacking on wednesday has paved the way for pietersen to return to the international set-up .
Kevin pietersen takes a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for surrey . The batsman joked with photographers at the kia oval for the photo session , with surrey set to begin their campaign at glamorgan on april 19 . Downton 's sacking on wednesday has paved the way for the 34-year-old to return to the international set-up having been controversially axed by the former managing director in 2014 .
Paul downton as england 's managing director may be the big talking point in english cricket but focus has already shifted to the start of the county championship season . However , you do n't have to go to far before talk returns to the england team again as kevin pietersen cut a range of emotions as he posed for the surrey team photo before the start of the new campaign .
The dismissal of paul downton as england 's managing director may be the big talking point in english cricket but focus has already shifted to the start of the county championship season . However , you do n't have to go to far before talk returns to the england team again as kevin pietersen cut a range of emotions as he posed for the surrey team photo before the start of the new campaign . Kevin pietersen takes a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for surrey
Kevin pietersen posed for the surrey team photo at the kia oval . The batsman looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end . Surrey begin their county championship campaign on april 19 . Paul downton 's sacking has paved the way for pietersen 's return .
The England captain has been sacked from his role as managing director Pietersen has been in talks with Surrey for several weeks in an attempt to return to the national set-up The former England captain is currently in talks with Surrey to return to the England set-up Pietersen is currently on tour in Australia and is currently in talks with Surrey to return to the national set-up The former England captain is currently on tour in Australia and is currently in talks
Kevin pietersen posed for the surrey team photo at the kia oval . The event comes before the start of the county championship season . Surrey begin their campaign at glamorgan on april 19 .
The dismissal of paul downton as england 's managing director may be the big talking point in english cricket but focus has already shifted to the start of the county championship season . Kevin pietersen takes a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for surrey . The event at the kia oval comes before the start of the county championship season .
The dismissal of paul downton as england 's managing director may be the big talking point in english cricket but focus has already shifted to the start of the county championship season . However , you do n't have to go to far before talk returns to the england team again as kevin pietersen cut a range of emotions as he posed for the surrey team photo before the start of the new campaign . Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of the team photo , but was otherwise in a jovial mood as a potentially sensational return to the england set-up took a step closer .
Kevin Pietersen took part in a Surrey team photo shoot at the KIA Oval . The batsman was in a jovial mood ahead of the start of the county championship season . Surrey begin their campaign against Glamorgan on April 19 . CLICK HERE for all the latest cricket news .
Kevin pietersen takes a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for surrey . The batsman joked with photographers at the kia oval for the photo session , with surrey set to begin their campaign at glamorgan on april 19 . Downton 's sacking on wednesday has paved the way for the 34-year-old to return to the international set-up .
Kevin pietersen set for the surrey team photo shoot for surrey on april 19 . The batsman has been axed as england 's managing director before the start of the county championship season . Pietersen has been at the kia oval for the photo session on wednesday .
Pietersen takes a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for surrey . Kevin pietersen cut a range of emotions as he posed for the surrey team . Downton 's sacking has been axed by former managing director in 2014 . Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of team photo . The event comes before the start of the county championship season .
Brazilian coach ze maria was fired on wednesday after poor run . The romanian club have been sacked by ze maria for the second time . Neamt neamt have been beaten by mid-table fc botosani on saturday . The former inter milan and parma right back in the bottom of the season . Ze maria replaced the florin marin in january to become ceahlaul 's third coach .
Ze relegation-threatened romanian club ceahlaul piatra have sacked brazilian coach ze maria for the second time in a week . Former brazil defender ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run , only to be reinstated the next day . Flamboyant owner angelo massone decided to ` give the coaching staff another chance ' .
Relegation-threatened romanian club ceahlaul piatra neamt have sacked brazilian coach ze maria for the second time in a week . Former brazil defender ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run , only to be reinstated the next day after flamboyant owner angelo massone decided to ` give the coaching staff another chance . ' But the 41-year-old former inter milan and parma right back , capped 25 times by brazil , angered massone again after ceahlaul were beaten 2-0 by mid-table fc botosani on saturday .
Ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run . Former brazil defender ze maria replaced florin marin in january to become ceahlaul 's third coach this season .
Ceahlaul maria represented brazil on 25 occasions during an international career spanning five years . Ze maria replaced florin marin in january to become ceahlaul 's third coach this season . Ze maria replaced florin marin in january to become ceahlaul 's third coach this season .
Romanian club ceahlaul piatra neamt sacked brazilian coach ze maria for the second time in a week . Former brazil defender ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run , only to be reinstated the next day after flamboyant owner angelo massone decided to ` give the coaching staff another chance '
Relegation - threatened romanian club ceahlaul piatra neamt have sacked brazilian coach ze maria for the second time in a week . Former brazil defender ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run , only to be reinstated the next day after flamboyant owner angelo massone decided to ' give the coaching staff another chance . ' But the 41 - year - old former inter milan and parma right back , capped 25 times by brazil , angered massone again after ceahlaul were beaten 2 - 0 by mid-table fc botosani on saturday .
Ceahlaul piatra neamt have sacked brazilian coach ze maria for the second time in a week . Ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run , only to be reinstated the next day . The 41-year-old angered owner angelo massone again after ceahlaul were beaten 2-0 by mid-table fc botosani on saturday .
Ze Maria was sacked for the second time in a week . The club are currently in the relegation zone and are currently without a win in 12 games . The club 's new owner , Massone , made the appointment after a failed attempt to buy the club from former owner Antonio Caicedo in January .
Former brazil defender ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run . The 41-year-old was reinstated the next day after flamboyant owner angelo massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance ' but the 41-year-old angered massone again after ceahlaul were beaten 2-0 by mid-table fc botosani on saturday .
Relegation-threatened romanian club ceahlaul piatra neamt have sacked brazilian coach ze maria for the second time in a week . Former brazil defender ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run , only to be reinstated the next day after flamboyant owner angelo massone decided to ` give the coaching staff another chance . He will be replaced by serbian vanya radinovic .
Relegation-threatened romanian club ceahlaul piatra neamt have sacked brazilian coach ze maria for the second time in a week . Former brazil defender ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run , only to be reinstated the next day after flamboyant owner angelo massone decided to ` give the coaching staff another chance . ' But the 41-year-old former inter milan and parma right back , capped 25 times by brazil , angered massone again after ceahlaul were beaten 2-0 by mid-table fc botosani on saturday .
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt sacked Ze Maria for the second time in a week . Ze Maria was fired on Wednesday after a poor run , only to be reinstated the next day after owner Angelo Massone decided to ` give the coaching staff another chance ' The 41-year-old former Inter Milan and Parma right back was capped 25 times by Brazil .
Romanian coach ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run , only to be reinstated the next day . Former inter defender ze maria replaced florin marin in january to become ceahlaul 's third coach this season . He will be replaced by serbian vanya radinovic .
Ze maria represented brazil on 25 occasions during international career . Ze maria replaced florin marin in january to become third coach . Brazilian coach ze maria fired on wednesday after poor run .
Relegation-threatened piatra have sacked brazilian coach ze maria for the second time . Former brazil defender was fired on wednesday after a poor run . Maria represented brazil on 25 occasions during an international career . Ceahlaul 16th in the standings , six points adrift of safety .
Radamel falcao has struggled for manchester united during his season-long loan . Louis van gaal 's side have to pay # 46million to make falcao 's transfer permanent . The atletico madrid striker has scored four goals in louis van . Falcao is not happy in france but thinks he would have been better off .
Radamel falcao 's former monaco team-mate nabil dirar believes the colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to manchester united even though he was not happy in france . The former atletico madrid striker has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . United will have to pay # 46million to make falcao 's transfer permanent .
Radamel falcao 's former monaco team-mate nabil dirar believes the colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to manchester united even though he was not happy in france . The former atletico madrid striker moved to old trafford on a season-long loan last summer but has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . Radamel falcao has struggled for manchester united during his season-long loan .
Radamel falcao has scored four goals all season louis van gaal 's side . United will have to pay # 46million to make falcao 's transfer permanent . United are unlikely to take up that option .
Radamel falcao has struggled for manchester united during his season-long loan . Nabil dirar believes the colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to manchester united even though he was not happy in france . United will have to pay # 46million to make falcao 's transfer permanent .
Radamel falcao 's former monaco team-mate believes colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to manchester united even though he was not happy in france . The former atletico madrid striker moved to old trafford on a season-long loan last summer but has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury .
Radamel falcao 's former monaco team - mate nabil dirar believes the colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to manchester united even though he was not happy in france . The former atletico madrid striker moved to old trafford on a season - long loan last summer but has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . United will have to pay £ 46million to make falcao 's transfer permanent but having only scored four goals all season louis van gaal 's side are unlikely to take up that option .
Radamel falcao moved to manchester united on a season-long loan . The colombian striker has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . Falcao 's former monaco team-mate nabil dirar believes the colombian must be regretting his failed loan move .
Nabil Dirar believes Falcao would have been better off staying at Monaco 'The Premier League is not the best for Falcao . Falcao has to work harder . He 's a player who needs to be more consistent .
Radamel falcao joined manchester united on a season-long loan last summer . The colombian has struggled to hit the heights he achieved at old trafford . United will have to pay £46million to make falcao 's transfer permanent .
Radamel falcao 's former monaco team-mate nabil dirar believes the colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to manchester united even though he was not happy in france . Radamel falcao has struggled for manchester united during his season-long loan . Falcao has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury .
Radamel falcao 's former monaco team-mate nabil dirar believes the colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to manchester united even though he was not happy in france . The former atletico madrid striker moved to old trafford on a season-long loan last summer but has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . United will have to pay # 46million to make falcao 's transfer permanent but having only scored four goals all season louis van gaal 's side are unlikely to take up that option .
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer . The Colombian striker has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . United will have to pay £ 46million to make the loan permanent . Louis van Gaal 's side are unlikely to take up that option .
Radamel falcao 's former monaco team-mate nabil dirar believes the colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to manchester united even though he was not happy in france . The former atletico madrid striker moved to old trafford on a season-long loan last summer . Falcao has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury .
Radamel falcao moved to old trafford on a season-long loan last summer . Former atletico madrid striker was not happy in france . United will have to pay # 46million to make falcao 's transfer permanent .
Radamel falcao has struggled for manchester united . Former atletico madrid striker moved to old trafford on a season-long loan . Nabil dirar believes colombian must be regretting his failed loan move . Falcao struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . United will have to pay # 46million to make falcao 's transfer permanent .
New zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed christchurch dairy . The fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask is described as being ` tall ' . He made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash . The man in a fluoro mask demanded cash from owner 's daughter . Police are asking anyone with information that may help identify this person to call crimestoppers on 0800 555 or to call police online .
New zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a christchurch dairy wearing a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask . He made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday . Police say there were no signs of any weapons used but the robber remained at large .
The offender , snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as being ` very tall ' . He made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday , stuff.co.nz reports . The masked man threw the cash register to the ground and took off with the till drawer and up to $ 1,500 .
The offender , snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as being ` very tall ' he made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday . Police were reportedly called to the union st dairy , in east christchurch at about 12.30 pm .
The offender , snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as being ` very tall ' he made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday . Police are appealing to the public to identify a man who robbed a christchurch dairy wearing a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask .
New zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a christchurch dairy wearing a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask . The offender , snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as being ` very tall '
New zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a christchurch dairy wearing a ' distinctive ' cartoon mask . The offender , snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as being ' very tall ' . He made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday , stuff.co.nz reports .
A man in a 'distinctive ' cartoon mask robbed a christchurch dairy on saturday . He made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash . Police say there were no signs of any weapons used but that the robber remained at large .
New Zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a Christchurch dairy wearing a 'distinctive ' cartoon mask .
New zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a christchurch dairy wearing a 'distinctive ' cartoon mask . The offender , snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as being 'very tall ' he made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday .
The offender , snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as being ` very tall ' . He made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday , stuff.co.nz reports . A man in a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask demanded cash from owner 's daughter on saturday .
New zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a christchurch dairy wearing a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask . The offender , snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as being ` very tall ' . He made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday , stuff.co.nz reports .
A man in a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask robbed a Christchurch dairy . He made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on Saturday . The offender , snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as ` very tall '
New zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a christchurch dairy wearing a ' distinctive ' cartoon mask . The offender , snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as being ' very tall ' . He made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday .
A man in a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask demanded cash from owner 's daughter on saturday . He threw the cash register to the ground and took off with the till drawer and up to $ 1,500 . Police were reportedly called to the union st dairy .
New zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a christchurch dairy . He made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash . Man in ` distinctive ' cartoon mask demanded cash from owner 's daughter . Police were reportedly called to the union st dairy , in east christchurch .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with pupil . She had sex with an underage pupil from a texas high school . She has been accused of having sex with a 15-year-old student . She was arrested for letting another teen touch her breasts in april last year . The abuse came to light after a school police officer learned of a possible relationship with the 15-year-old . The teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on march 24 .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , accused of having sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january . She was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student , and was released on bail . Now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student , and was released on bail . Now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also aged 15 , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year . Kaitlyn granado , 24 , was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student , and was released on bail . Now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also aged 15 , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january . Granado was arrested last month when she admitted kissing another boy , also 15 , and lettin him touch her breasts .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , was arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student , and was released on bail . Now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also aged 15 , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january . A texas math teacher has been accused of having sex with an underage pupil from a texas high school a month . Kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student . Now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15 - year - old student , and was released on bail . Now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also aged 15 , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , is a maths teacher at macarthur high school in irving , texas . She was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old pupil , and was released on bail . Now she has been arrested again amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january .
Teacher Kaitlyn Granado was arrested on Monday after having sex with a 15 year old pupil from a Texas high school , and was released on bail 'We are committed to providing a safe , supportive and welcoming learning environment where all students feel comfortable and supported . ' The school district said Granado was placed on administrative leave on March 26 . A spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety said : 'The DPS takes all allegations of sexual assault seriously .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , is a maths teacher at macarthur high school in irving . She was first arrested on march 19 for having inappropriate relationship . In police interview she admitted kissing 15-year-old and letting him touch breasts . She was suspended from teaching and put on administrative leave by school . On monday she was arrested again for having sex with another pupil .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january . Kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student , and was released on bail . Now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also aged 15 , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january . A texas math teacher has been accused of having sex with an underage pupil from a texas high school a month after she was arrested for letting another teenage touch her breasts . Kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student , and was released on bail .
Kaitlyn Granado , 24 , was arrested on Monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in January . She was first arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student , and was released on bail . Now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also aged 15 , also accused Granado of having sex with him .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january . The teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on january 18 and 19 across the road from another school in dallas . Now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year .
Kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , texas , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student , and was released on bail . Now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year . The teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on january 18 and 19 .
Kaitlyn granado was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january . She also accused granado of having sex with him on two nights . Kaitlyn granado , 24 , was first arrested on march 19 for having inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student . She was arrested for letting another teenage touch her breasts . The sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on january 18 and 19 across the road from another school in dallas .
New zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife . A black dog wearing a red collar in new zealander 's mouth . The clip shows a large animal of a crocodile swimming through a public marina . The the animal was taken by the owner of puerto vallarta in mexico . The dog was the attack happened and described how the animal kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all ' .
Tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when attack happened . New zealander tim weston took a photo of the crocodile with the dog between its jaws . One woman called the video ` horrible ' and another said ' i hate crocodiles now ' .
New zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when the attack happened and described how ` the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all ' . The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta , in mexico , with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth . A video of the crocodile swimming through the marina with the bike shop owner 's dog has been viewed more than 500,000 times .
New zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when the attack happened and described how ` the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all ' he told daily mail australia the dog belonged to the local bike shop 's owner .
The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta , in mexico . New zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when the attack happened . Mr weston told daily mail australia the dog belonged to the local bike shop 's owner .
Clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta , in mexico , with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth . New zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when the attack happened and described how ` the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all '
A video of a menacing crocodile swimming through a public marina with a dead pet dog locked in between its jaws has been viewed more than half a million times online . The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta , in mexico , with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth . New zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when the attack happened and described how ' the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all ' . Mr weston told daily mail australia the dog belonged to the local bike shop 's owner .
A crocodile attacked a dog in puerto vallarta marina , in mexico . The dog belonged to the owner of a local bike shop . A video of the crocodile swimming through the marina has been viewed more than 500,000 times .
A crocodile was seen swimming through a public marina with a dead dog in between its jaws .
New zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when he saw the alarming sight . The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth . Social media users have reacted in horror to the video that was posted on the bogged facebook page . One woman called the video 'horrible ' and another said ' i hate crocodiles now '
The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta , in mexico , with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth . New zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when the attack happened and described how ` the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all ' . Mr weston told daily mail australia the dog belonged to the local bike shop 's owner .
A video of a menacing crocodile swimming through a public marina with a dead pet dog locked in between its jaws has been viewed more than half a million times online . The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta , in mexico , with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth . New zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when the attack happened and described how ` the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all ' .
A video of a crocodile swimming through a public marina with a dead pet dog locked in between its jaws has been viewed more than half a million times online . The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of Puerto Vallarta , in Mexico . New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday with his wife when the attack happened .
New zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when he saw the alarming sight . The large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta , in mexico , with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth . Mr weston told daily mail australia the dog belonged to the local bike shop 's owner .
New zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when the attack happened and described how ` the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all ' the clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta , in mexico , with a black dog wearing a red collar . The dog has been viewed more than half a million times online . The dog belonged to the bike shop 's owner .
The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in mexico . New zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta . Mr weston told daily mail australia the dog belonged to the bike shop 's owner . Tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when he saw the sight . Tim weston took a photo of the crocodile with the dog between its jaws .
Steve bruce wants to keep hull city in the premier league this season . Steve bruce is hoping ` nine or eight might be enough ' . Hull have six games to save their season . James ward-prowse penalty and late strike from southampton for the first 45 minutes . Michael dawson and nikica jelavic have also been out of the season .
Steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league after a 2-0 defeat by southampton left them battling to stay up . Hull were the better side against southampton for the first 45 minutes but a james ward-prowse penalty and late strike from graziano pelle meant they left with nothing . Steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league this season and avoid relegation .
Steve bruce is adamant he can keep hull city in the barclays premier league after a 2-0 defeat by southampton left them battling to stay up . They now have six games to save their season including nightmare fixtures against liverpool , arsenal , tottenham and manchester united . Steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league this season and avoid relegation .
Steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league this season . Hull were beaten 2-0 by southampton on saturday and are just two points clear of the drop zone . Mohamed diame returned from five months out and james chester from three .
Hull were beaten 2-0 by southampton at st mary 's stadium on saturday . Steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league . But bruce insists : ` everyone is up for the challenge and i 'm sure and convinced that we 'll do it '
Steve bruce is adamant he can keep hull city in the barclays premier league . Hull were the better side against southampton for the first 45 minutes but a james ward-prowse penalty and late strike from graziano pelle meant they left with nothing . Steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league .
Steve bruce is adamant he can keep hull city in the barclays premier league after a 2 - 0 defeat by southampton left them battling to stay up . At the start of the campaign bruce was targeting 10 wins to survive , but despite a strong start his hull side have mustered just six and he is hoping ' nine or eight might be enough . ' Steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league this season and avoid relegation
Hull city were beaten 2-0 by southampton at st mary 's on saturday . Steve bruce 's side are just two points clear of the relegation zone . But bruce is adamant he can keep hull in the premier league this season .
Hull City are six points adrift of safety and Steve Bruce is adamant they can avoid relegation .
Hull were beaten 2-0 by southampton at st mary 's on saturday . Steve bruce 's side are just two points clear of the relegation zone . But the hull boss is confident he can keep them in the premier league .
Steve bruce is adamant he can keep hull city in the barclays premier league after a 2-0 defeat by southampton left them battling to stay up . Steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league this season and avoid relegation . They now have six games to save their season including nightmare fixtures against liverpool , arsenal , tottenham and manchester united .
Steve bruce is adamant he can keep hull city in the barclays premier league after a 2-0 defeat by southampton left them battling to stay up . At the start of the campaign bruce was targeting 10 wins to survive , but despite a strong start his hull side have mustered just six and he is hoping ` nine or eight might be enough . ' Hull were the better side against southampton for the first 45 minutes but a james ward-prowse penalty and late strike from graziano pelle meant they left with nothing .
Hull City were beaten 2-0 by Southampton at St Mary 's on Saturday . Steve Bruce 's side are now just two points clear of the relegation zone . The Hull boss is hoping ` nine or eight might be enough ' to stay up . Southampton moved up to fifth in the table ahead of Tottenham .
Steve bruce is adamant he can keep hull city in the barclays premier league . Hull were the better side against southampton for the first 45 minutes . But a james ward-prowse penalty and late strike from graziano pelle meant they left with nothing .
Steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league this season . Mohamed diame and michael dawson have missed half the season and robert snodgrass has not been available at all . Hull lost 2-0 to southampton at st mary 's stadium on saturday .
Steve bruce is adamant he can keep hull city in premier league . Bruce was targeting 10 wins to survive . Steve bruce is confident he will keep hull city in the premier league . They have six games to save their season including nightmare fixtures .
Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds . He let pupils change exam results at sats exam results . He also altered a number of pupil exam exam results for the entire school 's sats results . School officials were tipped off , resulting in an investigation launched in june .
Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds , which assess english , maths and science at mitton manor primary school in tewskesbury , gloucestershire . This was despite the exam session finishing , a conduct panel heard . The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers himself before the papers were sent off .
Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds , which assess english , maths and science at mitton manor primary school in tewskesbury , gloucestershire . After the suspected breach of exam rules , school officials were tipped off , resulting in an investigation being launched in june . Ian guffick asked pupils at mitton manor primary school in tewkesbury , pictured , to make the changes to their sats exam answers .
Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds , which assess english , maths and science at mitton manor primary school in tewskesbury , gloucestershire . This was despite the exam session finishing , a conduct panel heard . The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers himself before the papers were sent off .
Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds , which assess english , maths and science at mitton manor primary school in tewskesbury , gloucestershire . This was despite the exam session finishing , a conduct panel heard . After the suspected breach of exam rules , school officials were tipped off , resulting in an investigation being launched in june .
Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds , which assess english , maths and science at mitton manor primary school in tewskesbury , gloucestershire . This was despite the exam session finishing , a conduct panel heard . The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers himself before the papers were sent off .
Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the the national curriculum tests for 11 - year - olds , which assess english , maths and science at mitton manor primary school in tewskesbury , gloucestershire . This was despite the exam session finishing , a conduct panel heard . Ian guffick asked pupils at mitton manor primary school in tewkesbury , pictured , to make the changes to their sats exam answers the 31 - year - old also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers himself before the papers were sent off .
Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to their sats exam answers . This was despite the exam session at mitton manor primary school in tewkesbury , gloucestershire , having finished . The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers himself . After suspected breach of exam rules , school officials were tipped off . Probe found that some pupils taking a test had changed answers outside exam conditions and that guffick had done the same . Department for education annulled the whole school
Teacher Ian Guffick was sacked after letting pupils cheat on their SATs exam The panel heard that the incident took place in the summer , when the school was in the middle of a school year . The pupils had been told to complete the exam at the end of the school year , but the teacher had changed the exam script to ensure the pupils would not have to do it . The panel heard that Mr Guffick had altered the answers to a number of the questions
Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to their sats exam answers . The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil 's answers himself . This led to his whole school 's sats results being annulled last year . Guffick has now been banned from the classroom for at least two years .
Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds , which assess english , maths and science at mitton manor primary school in tewskesbury , gloucestershire . This was despite the exam session finishing , a conduct panel heard . After the suspected breach of exam rules , school officials were tipped off , resulting in an investigation being launched in june .
A teacher has been banned from the classroom after he let pupils change their exam answers invalidating his whole school 's sats results . Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds , which assess english , maths and science at mitton manor primary school in tewskesbury , gloucestershire . This was despite the exam session finishing , a conduct panel heard .
Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to their SATs exam answers . The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers himself . This was despite the exam session at Mitton Manor Primary School in Gloucestershire finishing . The Department for Education annulled the whole school 's SAT 's results .
Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum . The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers . After the suspected breach of exam rules , school officials were tipped off .
Ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum tests . He also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers himself before papers were sent off . School officials were tipped off after suspected breach of exam rules .
Pupils to make changes to the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds . This was despite the exam session finishing , a panel heard . 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers himself before the papers were sent off . School officials were tipped off after suspected breach of exam rules . Ian guffick asked pupils at mitton manor primary school in tewkesbury .
Manchester united goalkeeper anders lindegaard made the most of the english weather with swedish model last year . Misse beqiri , lindegaard tied the knot with the stunning wife misse . He has made just 19 league appearances for manchester united this season . The united goalkeeper has been linked with a move to fc midtjylland in january .
Manchester united goalkeeper anders lindegaard made the most of the english weather with misse beqiri . Lindegaard tied the knot with the swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding in mauritius . Danish international lindegaard posted a link to beqiri 's instagram account with the message : ` day off with my sunshine @ missebeqiri # cheshire # manchester ' .
Lindegaard tied the knot with the swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding in mauritius . Lindegaard tied the knot with the stunning model last year and the couple have a son together . Manchester united goalkeeper anders lindegaard made the most of the english weather with misse beqiri .
Manchester united goalkeeper anders lindegaard made the most of the english weather with misse beqiri . Lindegaard tied the knot with the stunning model last year and the couple have a son together . The 31-year-old moved to the premier league in 2010 after signing from norwegian side aalesunds .
Manchester united goalkeeper anders lindegaard made the most of the english weather with misse beqiri . Danish international lindegaard posted a link to beqiri 's instagram account . The 31-year-old moved to the premier league in 2010 after signing from norwegian side aalesunds but has failed to make an impact .
Anders lindegaard tied the knot with the swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding in mauritius . Lindegaard tied the knot with the stunning model last year and the couple have a son together . Danish international lindegaard posted a link to beqiri 's instagram account with the message : ` day off with my sunshine @ missebeqiri # cheshire ' the swedish beauty , who has albanian roots , likes to flaunt her good looks on instagram .
Lindegaard tied the knot with the swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding in mauritius . And the united goalkeeper , who has struggled for minutes throughout his career in manchester , was keen to remind fans via his instagram page of his marriage to stunning beqiri . Manchester united goalkeeper anders lindegaard made the most of the english weather with misse beqiri
Anders lindegaard married misse beqiri last year in a mauritius beach wedding . The manchester united goalkeeper posted a link to beqiri 's instagram page . Lindegaard and beqiri , who have a son together , have been dating since 2012 . The 31-year-old moved to the premier league in 2010 but has failed to make an impact .
Anders Lindegaard and Misse Beqiri tied the knot in a romantic beach wedding in Mauritius .
Anders lindegaard enjoys english weather with wife misse beqiri . The pair married in a romantic beach wedding in mauritius last year . Denmark international has struggled for playing time at manchester united .
Lindegaard tied the knot with the swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding in mauritius . Manchester united goalkeeper anders lindegaard made the most of the english weather with misse beqiri . Lindegaard and beqiri , who have a son together , have been dating since 2012 .
He may not be playing much at manchester united but anders lindegaard certainly has a lot to smile about off the pitch as he enjoyed a spot of sunshine with stunning wife misse beqiri . Lindegaard tied the knot with the swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding in mauritius . And the united goalkeeper , who has struggled for minutes throughout his career in manchester , was keen to remind fans via his instagram page of his marriage to stunning beqiri .
Anders Lindegaard and Misse Beqiri have been dating since 2012 . The couple married in a romantic Mauritius beach wedding last year . The Danish international has struggled for minutes at Manchester United . He has made just 19 Premier League appearances since arriving in 2010 .
Swedish international lindegaard posted a link to beqiri 's instagram account with the message : ' day off with my sunshine @ missebeqiri # cheshire # manchester ' . Danish beauty , who has albanian roots , regularly posts pictures while she 's modelling at work . Lindegaard and beqiri have been dating since 2012 .
Anders lindegaard tied the swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding . The manchester united goalkeeper has made just 19 league appearances . Lindegaard and beqiri have been dating since 2012 .
Anders lindegaard made the most of the english weather with misse beqiri . Lindegaard tied knot with swedish model last year . Lindegaard tied the knot with the stunning model and the couple have a son together . The united goalkeeper has struggled for minutes throughout his career in manchester . He may not be playing much at manchester united .
13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 . The owner of the signage is yankee hall of famer reggie jackson , who bought the letters for an undisclosed amount . The stadium was built in 1923 , was installed in 1976 and taken down in 2008 . The auction was $ 20,000 to $ 260,000 , it raked in a winning bid of $ 112,500 at auction . He promised before the auction that if the letters were bought by a bidder in the united states .
13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , but received no bids at a sotheby 's auction wednesday . The current owner of the signage is yankee hall of famer reggie jackson , who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for $ 260,000 . The letters had beamed from atop yankee stadium near grand concourse in the bronx since 1976 .
No love : 13 letters that hung over yankee stadium were estimated to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , but received no bids at a sotheby 's auction wednesday . While the 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , the only person who raised a paddle - for $ 260,000 - was a sotheby 's employee trying to jump start the bidding . The current owner of the signage is yankee hall of famer reggie jackson , who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008 .
The glowing blue letters that once lit the bronx from above yankee stadium failed to find a buyer at an auction at sotheby 's . The only person who raised a paddle - for $ 260,000 - was a sotheby 's employee trying to jump start the bidding . The letters had beamed from atop yankee stadium near grand concourse in the bronx since 1976 , the year before jackson joined the team .
The letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , but received no bids at a sotheby 's auction wednesday . The 68-year-old yankee said he wanted ' a new generation to own and enjoy this icon of the yankees and of new york city '
Glowing blue letters that once lit the bronx from above yankee stadium failed to find a buyer at an auction at sotheby 's on wednesday . While the 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , the only person who raised a paddle - for $ 260,000 - was a sotheby 's employee trying to jump start the bidding . The current owner of the signage is yankee hall of famer reggie jackson , who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount .
The glowing blue letters that once lit the bronx from above yankee stadium failed to find a buyer at an auction at sotheby 's on wednesday . While the 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , the only person who raised a paddle - for $ 260,000 - was a sotheby 's employee trying to jump start the bidding . The current owner of the signage is yankee hall of famer reggie jackson , who purchased the 10 - feet - tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008 .
The 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 at a sotheby 's auction wednesday . The only person who raised a paddle - for $ 260,000 - was a sotheby 's employee trying to jump start the bidding . The current owner of the signage is yankee hall of famer reggie jackson , who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008 .
The Yankees ' iconic stadium in New York City was sold at a Sotheby 's auction Wednesday . The letters that were once lit from atop Yankee Stadium were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 .
The 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 . The current owner of the signage is yankee hall of famer reggie jackson . Jackson purchased the letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008 .
While the 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , the only person who raised a paddle - for $ 260,000 - was a sotheby 's employee trying to jump start the bidding . The current owner of the signage is yankee hall of famer reggie jackson , who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008 . The 68-year-old yankee said he wanted ' a new generation to own and enjoy this icon of the yankees and of new york city .
The glowing blue letters that once lit the bronx from above yankee stadium failed to find a buyer at an auction at sotheby 's on wednesday . While the 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , the only person who raised a paddle - for $ 260,000 - was a sotheby 's employee trying to jump start the bidding . The current owner of the signage is yankee hall of famer reggie jackson , who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008 .
The glowing blue letters that once lit the Bronx from above Yankee Stadium failed to find a buyer at an auction at Sotheby 's on Wednesday . The 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , but received no bids at the auction . The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson .
13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 . The letters had beamed from atop yankee stadium near grand concourse in 1976 , the year before jackson joined the team . The 68-year-old yankee said he wanted ' a new generation to own and enjoy this icon of the yankees and new york city ' .
13 letters that hung over yankee stadium were estimated to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , but received no bids at a sotheby 's auction wednesday . The letters had beamed from atop yankee stadium near grand concourse in the bronx since 1976 , the year before jackson joined the team . Sotheby 's was auctioning off a new york mets bullpen car from the late 60s .
The glowing blue letters failed to find a buyer at an auction at sotheby 's on wednesday . The 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 . The current owner of the signage is yankee hall of famer reggie jackson . 13 letters that hung over yankee stadium were estimated to bring in anywhere .
Brendan rodgers says raheem sterling and jordon ibe . The england international will lead liverpool 's line at wembley on sunday . Daniel sturridge was exposed to inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday . The liverpool manager brendan rodgers wants to draw a line under the matter .
Liverpool manager brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities . Sterling , the england international who will lead liverpool 's line at wembley on sunday in the absence of the injured daniel sturridge , was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday . Then 24 hours pictures emerged of sterling and ibe with shisha pipes . Rodgers would not discuss whether he would give gerrard available after a three-match suspension .
Liverpool manager brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities and urged them to learn from a chastening week . Sterling , the england international who will lead liverpool 's line at wembley on sunday in the absence of the injured daniel sturridge , was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday . Then 24 hours later pictures emerged of sterling and ibe with shisha pipes .
Brendan rodgers has n't disciplined raheem sterling or jordon ibe for the incident . Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday . Then 24 hours later pictures emerged of sterling and ibe with shisha pipes . Rodgers would not discuss whether he would give gerrard , available after a three-match suspension .
Liverpool boss brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities and urged them to learn from a chastening week . Sterling , the england international who will lead liverpool 's line at wembley on sunday in the absence of daniel sturridge , was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday . Ibe was present among the reds squad during their training session on friday ahead of their fa cup semi .
Liverpool manager brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities . Sterling , the england international who will lead liverpool 's line at wembley on sunday in the absence of the injured daniel sturridge , was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday . Ibe was present among the reds squad during their training session on friday ahead of their fa cup semi .
Liverpool manager brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities and urged them to learn from a chastening week . Sterling , the england international who will lead liverpool ’ s line at wembley on sunday in the absence of the injured daniel sturridge , was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday . Then 24 hours later pictures emerged of sterling and ibe with shisha pipes .
Liverpool face aston villa in their fa cup semi-final on sunday . Raheem sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with jordon ibe . Brendan rodgers has n't disciplined either player for the incident . Reds captain steven gerrard is available after serving a three-match suspension .
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard ( left ) was unavailable for selection for the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa 'There are just so many things you ca n't do . You ca n't be a professional and be a professional and smoke weed . ' I 'm not going to comment on things that are out in the public domain , but you have to understand what you can and ca n't do .
Liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . Brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities . Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday . 24 hours later pictures emerged of sterling and ibe with shisha pipes .
Liverpool manager brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities and urged them to learn from a chastening week . Sterling , the england international who will lead liverpool 's line at wembley on sunday in the absence of the injured daniel sturridge , was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday . ` it is difficult .
Liverpool manager brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities and urged them to learn from a chastening week . Sterling , the england international who will lead liverpool 's line at wembley on sunday in the absence of the injured daniel sturridge , was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday . Then 24 hours later pictures emerged of sterling and ibe with shisha pipes .
Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities and urged them to learn from a chastening week . Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday . Then 24 hours later pictures emerged of Sterling and Ibe with shisha pipes . Ibe was present among the Reds squad on Friday ahead of their FA Cup semi .
Brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities . Brendan rodgers ( left ) has n't disciplined sterling ( pictured ) or ibe for the incident . Rodgers , who has steven gerrard available for the fa cup semi-final with aston villa , spoke to sterling and ibe in his office on thursday but neither will be disciplined .
Raheem sterling will lead liverpool 's line at wembley on sunday in the absence of the injured daniel sturridge . Liverpool boss brendan rodgers has n't disciplined sterling or ibe for the incident . Ibe was present among the reds squad during their training session on friday .
Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe . The england international will lead liverpool 's line at wembley on sunday . Ibe was present among the reds squad during their training session . Brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon sterling . Brendan rodgers has n't disciplined sterling or ibe for incident .
Mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter with his dog on wednesday . The german star was in fine form as the world cup winners beat georgia 2-0 in euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . The midfielder has been in the premier league since returning from injury for arsenal this year . He has been on international duty as germany beat gerogia 2-0 .
Mesut ozil impressed on international duty as germany beat georgia 2-0 in euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . German star was in fine form as world cup winners beat georgia 2-0 in euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . Midfielder , who was signed for # 42.5 million from real madrid in 2013 , missed arsenal 's last game against newcastle through illness . Arsene wenger rubbished those claims .
The german star was in fine form as the world cup winners beat georgia 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday , and is now setting his sights on the premier league encounter with liverpool at the weekend . Ozil impressed on international duty as germany beat gerogia 2-0 in a euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . Mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter relaxing with his dog on wednesday after returning home to london .
Mesut ozil was in fine form as germany beat georgia 2-0 in euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . Ozil impressed on international duty as germany beat gerogia 2-0 in a euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . Ozil was said to have been spotted in a berlin nightclub after missing the gunners ' 2-1 win at st james ' park .
Mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter relaxing with his dog . The german star was in fine form as the world cup winners beat georgia 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . Ozil impressed on international duty as germany beat gerogia 2-0 in a euro 2016 qualifier on sunday .
Mesut ozil seemed to be in a enjoying his home comforts after arriving back in london following the international break , posting a picture putting his feet up with his dog . The german star was in fine form as the world cup winners beat georgia 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . Ozil gave an insight into what he does in his downtime after taking a snap of him playing with the caption : ` home sweet home '
The german star was in fine form as the world cup winners beat georgia 2 - 0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday , and is now setting his sights on the premier league encounter with liverpool at the weekend . Mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter relaxing with his dog on wednesday after returning home to london ozil impressed on international duty as germany beat gerogia 2 - 0 in a euro 2016 qualifier on sunday
Mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter of him playing with his dog . The arsenal midfielder has returned to london after the international break . He was in fine form as germany beat georgia 2-0 on sunday . Ozil is expected to start against liverpool at the weekend .
Mesut Ozil is now back in London after his international break , and is enjoying his home comforts Ozil , who has been in fine form as Arsenal beat Georgia 2-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday , is now set to start against Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium Ozil has been doing the business on the pitch after returning from injury , wracking up four assists and scoring three goals since January Ozil was said to have been
Mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter playing with his dog on wednesday . The arsenal playmaker returned from international duty on sunday . Ozil was in fine form as germany beat georgia 2-0 in a euro 2016 qualifier . He will be expected to start against liverpool at the weekend .
The german star was in fine form as the world cup winners beat georgia 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday , and is now setting his sights on the premier league encounter with liverpool at the weekend . Mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter relaxing with his dog on wednesday after returning home to london . Ozil impressed on international duty as germany beat gerogia 2-0 in a euro 2016 qualifier on sunday .
Arsenal playmaker mesut ozil seemed to be in a enjoying his home comforts after arriving back in london following the international break , posting a picture putting his feet up with his dog . The german star was in fine form as the world cup winners beat georgia 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday , and is now setting his sights on the premier league encounter with liverpool at the weekend . And ozil gave an insight into what he does in his downtime after taking a snap of him playing with his pet with the caption : ` home sweet home ' .
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter of him playing with his dog . The Arsenal playmaker is back in London after the international break . Ozil impressed as Germany beat Georgia 2-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier . The midfielder missed Arsenal 's last game against Newcastle through illness .
Mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter relaxing with his dog on wednesday after arriving back in london . The german star was in fine form as germany beat georgia 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . Ozil gave an insight into what he does in his downtime .
Mesut ozil impressed on international duty as germany beat gerogia 2-0 in a euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . Ozil was signed for # 42.5 million from real madrid in 2013 . Ozil was said to have been spotted in a berlin nightclub after missing arsenal ' 2-1 win at st james ' park .
Mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter after returning to london . The german star was in fine form as the world cup winners beat georgia 2-0 . Germany beat gerogia 2-0 in a euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . The midfielder was signed for # 42.5 million from real madrid .
Barcelona president josep maria bartomeu insists the la liga leaders have no plans to replace luis enrique . The 44-year-old took charge of the club last summer , signing a two-year-deal . The barcelona president is only six games away from winning the title . Luis suarez scored the scoring for barcelona after just one minute against valencia . Suarez has been replaced in the summer . The barca president says the club are ` very happy ' with him .
Barcelona club president josep maria bartomeu has insisted that the la liga leaders have no plans to replace luis enrique and they 're ` very happy ' with him . The 44-year-old took charge of the club last summer , signing a two-year-deal , and is only six games away from winning the title . Barcelona president josep maria bartemou says the club are ` very happy ' with enrique 's performance .
Barcelona club president josep maria bartomeu has insisted that the la liga leaders have no plans to replace luis enrique and they 're ` very happy ' with him . The 44-year-old took only took charge of the club last summer , signing a two-year-deal , and is only six games away from winning the title . Barcelona president josep maria bartemou says the club are ` very happy ' with enrique 's performance .
Josep maria bartomeu has insisted that the la liga leaders have no plans to replace luis enrique and they 're ` very happy ' with him . The 44-year-old took only took charge of the club last summer . Barcelona president josep maria bartemou says the club are ` very happy ' with enrique 's performance .
Barcelona president josep maria bartomeu has insisted that the la liga leaders have no plans to replace luis enrique and they 're ` very happy ' with him . The 44-year-old took only took charge of the club last summer , signing a two-year-deal , and is only six games away from winning the title . Luis enrique only took charge at the club last summer and has impressed during his tenure .
Barcelona club president josep maria bartomeu has insisted that the la liga leaders have no plans to replace luis enrique and they 're ` very happy ' with him . The 44-year-old took only took charge of the club last summer , signing a two-year-deal , and is only six games away from winning the title .
Barcelona club president josep maria bartomeu has insisted that the la liga leaders have no plans to replace luis enrique and they 're ' very happy ' with him . The 44 - year - old took only took charge of the club last summer , signing a two - year - deal , and is only six games away from winning the title . Despite speculation this season that enrique will be replaced in the summer , bartomeu refuted these claims and says he 's impressed with how the manager has performed .
Barcelona are six points clear at the top of la liga . Luis enrique only took charge of the club last summer . Josep maria bartomeu says the club are 'very happy ' with enrique .
Barca have no plans to replace Luis Enrique
Luis enrique only took charge of barcelona last summer . The 44-year-old is only six games away from winning the la liga title . Barcelona president josep maria bartomeu says the club are 'very happy ' with enrique .
Barcelona club president josep maria bartomeu has insisted that the la liga leaders have no plans to replace luis enrique and they 're ` very happy ' with him . Barcelona president josep maria bartemou says the club are ` very happy ' with enrique 's performance . Luis suarez opened the scoring for barcelona after just one minute against high-flying valencia .
Barcelona club president josep maria bartomeu has insisted that the la liga leaders have no plans to replace luis enrique and they 're ` very happy ' with him . The 44-year-old took only took charge of the club last summer , signing a two-year-deal , and is only six games away from winning the title . Despite speculation this season that enrique will be replaced in the summer , bartomeu refuted these claims and says he 's impressed with how the manager has performed .
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are ` very happy ' with Luis Enrique . The 44-year-old took charge of the club last summer , signing a two-year deal . Barca are six games away from winning the La Liga title .
President josep maria bartomeu has insisted that the la liga leaders have no plans to replace luis enrique and they 're ' very happy ' with him . The 44-year-old took only took charge at the club last summer , and is only six games away from winning the title . Barcelona president josep maria bartemou says the club are ' very happy ' with enrique 's performance .
Luis enrique only took charge of the club last summer . Josep maria bartemou says the club are ` very happy ' with him . The 44-year-old took only six games away from winning the title .
Barcelona club president josep maria bartomeu says the la liga leaders are ` very happy ' with him . The 44-year-old took only charge of the club last summer . Luis enrique only took charge at club last summer . Enrique will be replaced in the summer , bartomeu refuted claims .
Jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield . The club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract . Henderson is the third major player in liverpool 's fa cup . The fa cup fourth round . Raheem sterling is expected to return to liverpool in the summer .
Jordan henderson has provided liverpool with a lift after their fa cup heartache by agreeing a new long-term contract . The club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract and his advisors had been in talks with liverpool since the beginning of this season . They have now reached a resolution and henderson is expected to put pen-to-paper on improved terms that are likely be worth in the region of # 100,000 .
Liverpool midfielder jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield . Henderson 's new deal is worth around # 100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020 . Jordan henderson has provided liverpool with a lift after their fa cup heartache by agreeing a new long-term contract .
Jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield . The club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract . Henderson 's new deal will run until the summer of 2020 .
Jordan henderson has provided liverpool with a lift after their fa cup semi-final defeat at wembley . The club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract and his advisors had been in talks with liverpool since the beginning of this season . Henderson is expected to put pen-to-paper on improved terms that are likely be worth in the region of # 100,000 .
Jordan henderson has provided liverpool with a lift after their fa cup heartache by agreeing a new long-term contract . The club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract and his advisors had been in talks with liverpool since the beginning of this season . Henderson is expected to put pen-to-paper on improved terms that are likely be worth in the region of # 100,000 .
The club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract and his advisors had been in talks with liverpool since the beginning of this season . They have now reached a resolution and henderson is expected to put pen - to - paper on improved terms that are likely be worth in the region of £ 100,000 . His new deal will run to 2020 . Liverpool midfielder jordan henderson is set to sign a new long - term contract at anfield
Jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at liverpool . The 24-year-old 's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week . Henderson could replace steven gerrard as liverpool captain .
Henderson 's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020 Henderson is set to make a £10million move to Manchester City this summer but is keen to stay at Anfield Henderson has been one of the most improved players under Brendan Rodgers ' watch Henderson has been one of Liverpool 's most improved players this season and has contributed 13 assists Henderson last week said he was 'rel
Jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at liverpool . The midfielder had 14 months remaining on his current deal at anfield . Henderson 's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until 2020 . Click here for all the latest liverpool news .
Jordan henderson has provided liverpool with a lift after their fa cup heartache by agreeing a new long-term contract . Liverpool midfielder jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield . Henderson 's new deal is worth around # 100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020 .
Jordan henderson has provided liverpool with a lift after their fa cup heartache by agreeing a new long-term contract . The club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract and his advisors had been in talks with liverpool since the beginning of this season . They have now reached a resolution and henderson is expected to put pen-to-paper on improved terms that are likely be worth in the region of # 100,000 .
Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool . The midfielder had 14 months remaining on his current deal . Henderson 's new deal is likely to be worth in the region of £ 100,000-a-week . The 24-year-old could replace Steven Gerrard as Liverpool captain .
Jordan henderson has provided liverpool with a lift after their fa cup heartache . The club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract . His advisors had been in talks with liverpool since the beginning of this season .
Jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield . The club 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract . Henderson 's new deal is worth around # 100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020 . Henderson , 24 , is the third big player in brendan rodgers ' squad to agree a contract extension .
Jordan henderson has provided liverpool with a lift after their fa cup heartache . The club has been in talks with liverpool since the beginning of this season . Henderson is expected to put pen-to-paper on improved terms that are likely be worth . Jordan henderson set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield . Henderson chases down aston villa 's jack grealish during liverpool 's semi-final defeat .
Filipe luis says he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract . The full back signed a three-year deal with atletico madrid in july . He is refusing to let his league leaders rest on their return until the job is done .
Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract . Atletico madrid considering bringing him back in the summer . Luis said : ` i want to stay at the club until the end of my contract ' .
Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract , despite atletico madrid considering bringing him back in the summer . The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july , but has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge . Luis played in brazil 's friendly wins against france and chile during the international break , but attentions now turn to the premier league title run-in .
Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract . The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july . Luis played in brazil 's friendly wins against france and chile .
Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract . The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july , but has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge . Luis played in brazil 's friendly wins against france and chile .
Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract . The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions . Atletico madrid considering bringing him back in the summer .
Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract , despite atletico madrid considering bringing him back in the summer . The full back signed a three - year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july , but has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge . Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea ( right ) , despite atletico madrid considering re-signing him
Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract . Atletico madrid are considering re-signing the left back in the summer . Luis played in brazil 's friendly wins against france and chile .
Filipe Luis wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract , despite Atletico Madrid considering bringing him back in the summer Luis has made just four appearances in all competitions this season , with the Brazilian 's future at Stamford Bridge uncertain . The former Porto man has been linked with a move to Atletico Madrid , but believes he has the right to stay . ' I do n't think I 'm a player for Atletico Madrid , ' he said .
Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract . Atletico madrid are considering re-signing the defender in the summer . Luis signed a three-year contract at stamford bridge last july .
Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract , despite atletico madrid considering bringing him back in the summer . ' Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea ( right ) , despite atletico madrid considering re-signing him . He never says anything else .
Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract , despite atletico madrid considering bringing him back in the summer . The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july , but has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge . Atletico hope that may give them leverage , but luis said : ` i 'm happy at chelsea .
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract . The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the Spanish champions last July , but has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge . Luis played in Brazil 's friendly wins against France and Chile during the international break .
Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract . Atletico madrid considering bringing him back in the summer . The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july , but has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge .
Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract . Atletico madrid have struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge . Luis played in brazil 's friendly against france and chile .
Filipe luis says he wants to stay at chelsea until end of contract . The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions . Luis played in brazil 's friendly wins against france and chile . Filipe luis insists he wants to stay at stamford bridge .
Nathan hughes suffered his knee colliding with the head of the welsh lion . The wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches . Nathan hughes was sent off the line to score for northampton on march 27 . He was banned for three games for the offence but has now been officially rescinded . The ban was thrown out in george north 's head on appeal .
Nathan hughes on friday night had his ban for accidentally knocking out george north sensationally over-turned on appeal . The wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches , after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been ` reckless ' for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the welsh lion . Hughes was shown a red card for the offence , but dismissal has now been officially rescinded .
The wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches , after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been ` reckless ' for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the welsh lion , as he scored a try for northampton on march 27 . Hughes was shown a red card for the offence , but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded . Nathan hughes 's knee collided with george north 's head as he crossed the line to score for northampton . Fiji-born forward hughes missed his side 's champions cup quarter-final loss against toulon last sunday .
Nathan hughes had his ban for accidentally knocking out george north . The wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches . A disciplinary panel ruled he had been ` reckless ' for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the welsh lion .
Nathan hughes 's knee collided with george north 's head as he crossed the line to score for northampton . The wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches . Hughes was shown a red card for the offence , but that dismissal has now been rescinded .
Nathan hughes on friday night had his ban for accidentally knocking out george north sensationally over-turned on appeal . The wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches , after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been ` reckless ' for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the welsh lion , as he scored a try for northampton on march 27 . Hughes was shown a red card for the offence , but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded .
Nathan hughes on friday night had his ban for accidentally knocking out george north sensationally over-turned on appeal , following an outcry on his behalf . The wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches , after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been ‘ reckless ’ for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the welsh lion , as he scored a try for northampton on march 27 . Hughes was shown a red card for the offence , but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded .
Nathan hughes 's knee collided with george north 's head as he scored a try for northampton at franklin 's gardens on march 27 . Hughes was initially suspended for three matches after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been 'reckless ' hughes 's red card has now been officially rescinded .
Wasps appealed against the three-match ban imposed on Hughes for his elbow on North 's head Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident on March 27 Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident on March 27 Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident on March 27 Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident on March 27
Nathan hughes 's knee collided with george north 's head as he crossed the line to score a try for northampton on march 27 . North was left unconscious by the clash ; a third blow to the head in the space of two months . Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident .
Nathan hughes on friday night had his ban for accidentally knocking out george north sensationally over-turned on appeal , following an outcry on his behalf . The wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches , after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been ` reckless ' for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the welsh lion , as he scored a try for northampton on march 27 . Nathan hughes 's knee collided with george north 's head as he crossed the line to score for northampton .
Nathan hughes on friday night had his ban for accidentally knocking out george north sensationally over-turned on appeal , following an outcry on his behalf . The wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches , after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been ` reckless ' for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the welsh lion , as he scored a try for northampton on march 27 . Hughes was shown a red card for the offence , but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded .
Nathan Hughes accidentally knocked out George North on March 27 . Northampton winger was left unconscious and had to be taken off on a stretcher . Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident . But the ban has now been rescinded following an outcry on his behalf .
Nathan hughes 's knee collided with george north 's head as he crossed the line to score for northampton . The wales and lions winger had been knocked out in the space of two months . Hughes missed his side 's champions cup quarter-final against toulon last sunday .
Wasps no 8 was suspended for three matches after disciplinary panel ruled he had been ` reckless ' for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the welsh lion . Nathan hughes 's knee collided with george north 's head as he crossed the line to score for northampton . Hughes was shown a red card for the offence but dismissal has now been rescinded .
Nathan hughes 's knee collided with george north 's head as he crossed the line . The wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches . North was left out cold on the pitch at franklin 's gardens . The ban was thrown out , as the appeal lodged by wasps .
Deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye on april 14 . The fires have destroyed dozens of villages in the region of siberia .
Tim durkan photographed aerial shots of the sunset warming the city 's skyline and shared them on cnn ireport . The fires were started in southeastern siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields . The flames quickly grew out of control because of strong winds and spread throughout the region .
The deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye . He photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city 's skyline and shared them on cnn ireport . The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia . ( cnn ) a fiery sunset greeted people in washington sunday .
Seattle native tim durkan photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city 's skyline . The fires were started in southeastern siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields .
The deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye . The fires were started in southeastern siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields . However , the lingering smoke from the widespread fires were picked up by atmospheric winds .
Stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia . Fires were started in southeastern siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields . But on april 14 , it is believed that the flames quickly grew out of control .
The deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye . He photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city 's skyline and shared them on cnn ireport . The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia . The fires were started in southeastern siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields .
Raging wildfires in parts of siberia are causing stunning sunsets in the pacific northwest . Lingering smoke from the fires is being carried across the pacific ocean by atmospheric winds . Parts of oregon , washington and british columbia are seeing the results of the smoke , wind and solar light combination .
A fiery sunset greeted people in Washington Sunday .
A fiery sunset greeted people in washington sunday . The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia .
The deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye . The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia . The fires were started in southeastern siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields .
( cnn ) a fiery sunset greeted people in washington sunday . The deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye . He photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city 's skyline and shared them on cnn ireport .
The red sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in Siberia . The fires have destroyed dozens of villages in the region . The smoke from the fires was picked up by atmospheric winds . The winds carried the smoke from Siberia across the Pacific Ocean and brought it to the Northwest .
The deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye . He photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city 's skyline . The fires were started in southeastern siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields .
The fires were started in southeastern siberia on april 14 . The fires have destroyed dozens of villages in the region . The smoke from siberia grew out of control .
The deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye . The fires were started in southeastern siberia by farmers burning grass . The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia . The blaze have destroyed dozens of villages in the region .
Becky schoenig , st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway . The missouri mom is making the best out of a less than ideal situation . Becky schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car . The car was found and returned to her with a new red rims . She is now getting the car professionally cleaned to deal with the strong smell of cigarettes and marijuana .
Becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night , just a little over a month after she took the car home . Schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her . The brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway monday .
Becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night , just a little over a month after she took the car home . Theft : the brand new 2015 ford fusion ( above ) had been stolen from her driveway monday . Bling : becky schoenig was shocked when her stolen car was located and returned to her with new red rims and detailing ( above ) .
Becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night . Then , on april 1 , schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes .
Becky schoenig was shocked when her stolen car was located monday night , just a little over a month after she took the car home . Then , on april 1 , schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes . The sexton on wheels will feature banana , pineapple , peach and coconut cream .
Becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night , just a little over a month after she took the car home . Schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes .
Becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night , just a little over a month after she took the car home . Then , on april 1 , schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes .
Becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when her brand new 2015 ford fusion was stolen from her driveway monday night . On april 1 , she was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's . When the car was returned to her , she noticed that the rims had been spray painted red and the steering wheel had some orange accents .
Becky Schoenig 's car was stolen on Monday night , April 1 , and her car was found on April 2 , but the rims were painted red and the steering wheel was painted orange 'She 's a very special person . She 's a very caring person . She 's a caring person .
Becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night . Then , on april 1 , schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's . As the car pulled up , schoenig noticed that the rims had been spray painted red , there was red detailing on the sides of the car , and her steering wheel now had some orange accents .
One missouri mom is making the best out of a less than ideal situation . Becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night , just a little over a month after she took the car home . Then , on april 1 , schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes .
One missouri mom is making the best out of a less than ideal situation . Becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night , just a little over a month after she took the car home . Then , on april 1 , schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes .
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis , Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night . Then , on April 1 , she was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as hers . She noticed that the rims had been spray painted red and there was red detailing on the sides of the car .
Becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night , just a little over a month after she took the car home . Schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes .
Becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night . Then , on april 1 , schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car just a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her - but with a minor changes . She took to facebook and posted a photo of her and her new ride .
She was shocked when her stolen car was located and returned to her . Police found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig . The brand had been stolen from her driveway monday . Becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri , was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen . As the car pulled up , schoenig noticed that the rims had been spray painted red .
Manchester city players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for champions league . Manchester city are in fourth place and will be just four points in the premier league . Manuel pellegrini 's side are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements . Manuel aguero could miss out on # 500k bonuses if city fail to reach the group stages of europe 's top competition . Click here for all the latest news news .
Manchester city players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . The premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure incentivised contracts to make sure the club stay within financial fairplay requirements . Manuel pellegrini 's team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules .
The premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure incentivised contracts to make sure the club stay within financial fairplay requirements and they will miss out on a big payday if city fail to reach the group stages of europe 's top competition . Manchester city players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . Manuel pellegrini 's lost to rivals manchester united in the 169th manchester derby at old trafford on sunday with their european hopes still in the balance .
Manchester city players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . City are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals liverpool after defeat in the manchester derby .
Manchester city are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of liverpool . The top three finishers in the premier league qualify automatically for the champions league with the fourth-place team required to win a qualifying round to join them . Pellegrini has admitted city have let their season disintegrate after starting 2015 .
Manchester city players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . The premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure incentivised contracts to make sure the club stay within financial fairplay requirements . City are in fourth place and will be four points ahead of main rivals liverpool after defeat in the manchester derby .
Manchester city players will lose £ 500,000 - a - man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . The premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure incentivised contracts to make sure the club stay within financial fairplay requirements and they will miss out on a big payday if city fail to reach the group stages of europe 's top competition . Manuel pellegrini 's lost to rivals manchester united in the 169th manchester derby at old trafford on sunday with their european hopes still in the balance .
Manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league table . Manuel pellegrini 's side lost 1-0 to manchester united on sunday . Sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure are on incentivised contracts to make sure the club stay within financial fairplay requirements .
Manchester City will miss out on a large chunk of their £12million budget if they fail to qualify for Europe this season May 25 Aston Villa ( A ) May 31 Chelsea ( H ) June 1 Tottenham Hotspur ( A ) June 8 Manchester United ( H ) June 15 Aston Villa ( H ) June 22 Liverpool ( A ) June 29 West Ham United ( H ) July 4 Crystal Palace ( A ) July 11
Manchester city players will miss out on £500k bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league . Manuel pellegrini 's team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements . City are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals liverpool after defeat in the manchester derby and if brendan rodgers ' side beat newcastle united on monday . The top three finishers in the premier league qualify automatically for the champions league with the fourth-place team required to win a qualifying round to join them .
Manchester city players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . Manuel pellegrini 's team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules . Pellegrini has admitted city have let their season disintegrate after starting 2015 joint-top with chelsea .
Manchester city players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . The premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure incentivised contracts to make sure the club stay within financial fairplay requirements and they will miss out on a big payday if city fail to reach the group stages of europe 's top competition . Manuel pellegrini 's lost to rivals manchester united in the 169th manchester derby at old trafford on sunday with their european hopes still in the balance .
Manchester City are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements . Sergio Aguero , David Silva , Joe Hart and Yaya Toure could miss out on a big payday if City fail to reach the group stages of Europe 's top competition . Manuel Pellegrini 's side are currently fourth in the Premier League .
Manchester city players will lose £500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . Premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure incentivised contracts to make sure the club stay within financial fairplay requirements . Manuel pellegrini 's team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules .
Manchester city players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . Premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure incentivised contracts . Manuel pellegrini 's team are on incentivised contracts to stay in financial fairplay rules .
City players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for champions league . The premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero , david silva and yaya toure . Manchester city stars such as aguero could miss out on # 500k bonuses . City are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of liverpool . Manuel pellegrini 's lost to rivals manchester united in the 169th manchester derby .
Callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united in 1-0 win over 1-0 . Callum gribbin scored the winner in the ` mini derby ' for the home side . Paul mcguinness 's side claim victory in the the ` mini-derby ' .
No less than 13 out of 22 players on show at kick-off were english . Callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free-kick . Altrincham 's compact 6,000-capacity home may not be old trafford , but it does have a proud history of its own .
Callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free-kick . For a start , no less than 13 out of the 22 players on show at kick-off were english . Of those , 10 were mancunian . First blood to united after their under 18s saw off city 1-0 in the ` mini-derby ' .
Callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free-kick . Entry was probably as far removed from sunday 's big match as you could imagine . Altrincham 's compact 6,000-capacity home may not be old trafford .
Callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free-kick . United manager paul mcguinness saw his side claim victory in the ` mini derby ' for the home side towering centre-forward marcus rashford , another local lad from whom big things are expected .
Callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free-kick . Altrincham 's compact 6,000-capacity home may not be old trafford , but it does have a proud history of its own . The young reds coach wanted to make the experience closer to what his tyros could expect should they make the step up to the seniors .
First blood to united after their under 18s saw off city 1 - 0 in the ' mini-derby ' . For a start , no less than 13 out of the 22 players on show at kick - off were english . Of those , 10 were mancunian . Callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free - kick
Manchester united beat manchester city 1-0 in the 'mini-derby ' callum gribbin scored the only goal of the game with a free-kick . Paul mcguinness 's side lined up with three at the back and supporting wingbacks in a formation seen more than once this season in the first team .
United went in front after a quick break , with Rashford heading home a free-kick from Gribbin . The young Reds coach 's team were at their best . And they were on top for the majority of the half .
Manchester united under 18s beat city 1-0 in the 'mini-derby ' callum gribbin scored the matchwinner with a delightful free-kick . 13 out of the 22 players on show at kick-off were english . Of the 22 players on show , 10 were mancunian .
For a start , no less than 13 out of the 22 players on show at kick-off were english . Callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free-kick . Entry was free and close to 1,000 gathered on the seats and terraces of moss lane for a match that kicked off at 3pm on saturday with half-and-half scarves nowhere to be seen .
First blood to united after their under 18s saw off city 1-0 in the ` mini-derby ' . Kits aside , this was probably as far removed from sunday 's big match as you could imagine . For a start , no less than 13 out of the 22 players on show at kick-off were english .
Manchester United Under 18s beat City 1-0 in the ` mini-derby ' Callum Gribbin scored the winner with a delightful free-kick . The result leaves United two points behind Middlesbrough with a game in hand . City have now lost both matches in the Barclays U18s Premier League .
Altrincham 's compact 6,000-capacity home may not be old trafford , but it does have a proud history of its own . Callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free-kick . Entry was probably as far removed from sunday 's big match as you could imagine .
Callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a free-kick . Paul mcguinness 's side claim victory in the ` mini derby ' for a match . Paul mcguinness and marcus wood were in the first team .
No less than 13 out of the 22 players on show at kick-off were english . Callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united . Entry was free and close to 1,000 gathered on the seats and terraces . Altrincham 's compact 6,000-capacity home may not be old trafford . First blood to united after their under 18s saw off city 1-0 .
England star joe hart labelled the ` legend of the game ' . The 1-1 draw with italy on tuesday night . Gianluigi buffon has labelled buffon , who won his 147th cap against england .
England ace joe hart labelled fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon a ` legend of the game ' after seeing the italian veteran claim his 147th cap . Hart passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on tuesday night .
Hart has labelled buffon , who won his 147th cap against england on tuesday night , a ` legend of the game ' england and manchester city goalkeeper joe hart has lavished praise on fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon . England ace hart , pictured saving a shot by citadin eder , is desperate to add to his 50 international caps .
Joe hart says gianluigi buffon is a ` legend of the game ' after 1-1 draw with italy . The manchester city goalkeeper is desperate to add to his 50 international caps . The manchester city shot stopper , who is 10 years younger than buffon .
Joe hart passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on tuesday night . Hart has labelled buffon a ` legend of the game ' after the 1-1 draw with italy that buffon was an inspiration .
England ace joe hart labelled fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon a ` legend of the game ' after seeing the italian veteran claim his 147th cap . Hart , who is 10 years younger than buffon , revealed his delight at receiving his 50th cap at the juventus stadium .
Hart , who passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on tuesday night , said after the 1 - 1 draw with italy that buffon was an inspiration . England and manchester city goalkeeper joe hart has lavished praise on fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon the manchester city shot stopper , who is 10 years younger than buffon , revealed his delight at receiving his 50th cap at the juventus stadium .
Gianluigi buffon won his 147th cap against england on tuesday . Joe hart labelled buffon a 'legend of the game ' after 1-1 draw . The manchester city shot stopper is desperate to add to his 50 caps .
Joe Hart is a legend of the game , and he 's made it to the 50th cap .
Joe hart has labelled fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon a 'legend of the game ' the manchester city stopper won his 147th cap against england on tuesday night . Hart is desperate to add to his 50 international caps .
England ace joe hart labelled fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon a ` legend of the game ' after seeing the italian veteran claim his 147th cap . England and manchester city goalkeeper joe hart has lavished praise on fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon . ' The manchester city shot stopper , who is 10 years younger than buffon , revealed his delight at receiving his 50th cap at the juventus stadium .
England ace joe hart labelled fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon a ` legend of the game ' after seeing the italian veteran claim his 147th cap . Hart , who passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on tuesday night , said after the 1-1 draw with italy that buffon was an inspiration . Speaking to fa tv , hart said : ` i 'm still learning my game and i 'm still watching the likes of buffon and the way he goes about his business at 37 years old .
Gianluigi Buffon won his 147th cap against England on Tuesday night . England ace Joe Hart has labelled Buffon a ` legend of the game ' The 37-year-old also claimed his 50th cap for his country on Tuesday . Hart is 10 years younger than Buffon .
England ace joe hart labelled fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon a ' legend of the game ' after seeing the italian veteran claim his 147th cap . Hart said after the 1-1 draw with italy that buffon was an inspiration . Hart has labelled buffon , who won his 147th cap against england on tuesday night , a ' legend of the game ' .
England ace joe hart said gianluigi buffon a ` legend of the game ' england and manchester city goalkeeper won his 50th cap at juventus stadium . Hart has said buffon is ` 50 ' at 37 years old . England ace hart has been linked with his own cap .
Joe hart has lavished praise on fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon . Hart passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country . Hart has labelled buffon as a ` legend of the game ' manchester city shot stopper , who is 10 years younger than buffon , revealed his delight .
Chipotle has decided to tap into the $ 70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers ' doors . The fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . The restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $ 5 and up depending on distance and demand .
Mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $ 70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers ' doors . Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $ 5 and up , depending on distance and demand .
The fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities , according to a report in nation 's restaurant news . But mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $ 5 and up , depending on distance and demand . Mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $ 70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers ' doors .
The fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . But mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $ 5 and up , depending on distance and demand .
Mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $ 70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers ' doors . The fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . Chipotle is thought to have turned down previous offers of collaboration with third-party delivery services .
The fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . The app hires independent contractors who drive their own cars in a similar model to uber taxis . Chipotle is thought to have turned down previous offers of collaboration with third-party delivery services .
Mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $ 70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers ' doors . The fast - casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities , according to a report in nation 's restaurant news .
The fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . The app hires independent contractors who drive their own cars in a similar model to uber taxis . Delivery fees for postmates begin at $ 5 and up , depending on distance and demand .
Chipotle is planning to launch a delivery service for online and mobile orders in 67 cities by the end of the year
The fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities .
The fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities , according to a report in nation 's restaurant news . But mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $ 5 and up , depending on distance and demand . The app hires independent contractors who drive their own cars in a similar model to uber taxis .
Mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $ 70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers ' doors . The fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities , according to a report in nation 's restaurant news . But mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $ 5 and up , depending on distance and demand .
The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $ 5 and up .
The fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . But mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge . Chipotle is thought to have turned down previous offers of collaboration with third-party delivery services - but has now given postmates the green light , new york daily news reports .
The fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . The restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with an app to bring burritos straight to customers ' doors . But mexican food fans should have the delivery fees for postmates at $ 5 and up .
The fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders . Mexican food fans should know the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge . Chipotle has decided to tap into $ 70 billion food delivery market . Chipotle is thought to have turned down previous offers of third-party delivery services . Mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $ 70 billion food delivery .
Dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings . He was sentenced to death in the 2013 race of the boston marathon bombings . The of the youngest victim of the bombings is making an appeal to take the death penalty off the table for the man convicted in the case . Dzhokhar tsarnaev is sentenced to last four weeks in the edition of the landmark race .
Dzhokhar tsarnaev found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings . The sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's landmark race . It is expected to last four weeks .
( cnn ) the parents of the youngest victim of the boston marathon bombings are making an emotional , passionate plea to take the death penalty off the table for the man convicted in the case . It is expected to last four weeks . The sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race .
Dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings . The 13th juror : now it gets real . In a front-page opinion piece in the boston globe , bill and denise richard wrote about the toll .
The sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race . It is expected to last four weeks . Bill and denise richard wrote about the toll taken on their family after the death of their 8-year-old son , martin .
Dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward . The sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race . It is expected to last four weeks .
( cnn ) the parents of the youngest victim of the boston marathon bombings are making an emotional , passionate plea to take the death penalty off the table for the man convicted in the case . Last week , dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward . The sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race . It is expected to last four weeks .
Bill and denise richard 's son , martin , was killed in the 2013 boston marathon bombing . Their daughter , jane , was severely injured . They are urging the justice department to take the death penalty off the table for dzhokhar tsarnaev .
The Boston Marathon bombing verdict is a resounding victory for the victims ' families , and a victory for justice . The death penalty is not necessary for the defendant to spend the rest of his life in prison . The Richards are urging the Justice Department to drop the death penalty for the defendant .
Dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty last week on all 30 charges related to the bombings . His parents are urging the justice department to bring the case to a close . `` we are in favor of and would support the department of justice in taking the death penalty off the table , '' they say .
( cnn ) the parents of the youngest victim of the boston marathon bombings are making an emotional , passionate plea to take the death penalty off the table for the man convicted in the case . Last week , dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward . It is expected to last four weeks .
( cnn ) the parents of the youngest victim of the boston marathon bombings are making an emotional , passionate plea to take the death penalty off the table for the man convicted in the case . Last week , dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward . A look at all of the charges .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the 2013 bombings . The sentencing phase begins Tuesday , a day after this year 's Boston Marathon . Martin Richard and two others were killed and more 200 people wounded . The Richards are urging the Justice Department to end the case .
Dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward . The sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race .
Dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges in the 2013 race . It is expected to last four weeks , a day after the race . The 13th juror : now it is real .
The parents of the boston marathon bombings are making an emotional , passionate plea . Dzhokhar was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race . The sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's edition . It is expected to last four weeks .
The custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner # 400million . It contains a large dining room where passengers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen . It boasts a bedrooms , multiple rooms and a lounge and ` state room ' at the back of the plane . More sleeping space is provided in the ` aeroloft ' on the top deck of the vessel , with eight full beds for passengers . It is the lounge on board a custom-built boeing 747-8 . The jet will be able to fit dozens of guests .
The custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner # 400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period . The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers . It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen , with a lounge and ` state room ' at the back of the plane .
The custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner # 400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period . The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon , although he will be able to fit dozens of guests . It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen , with a lounge and ` state room ' at the back of the plane .
The custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner # 400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period . The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon , although he will be able to fit dozens of guests .
The custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner # 400million . The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon . It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen , with a lounge and ` state room ' at the back of the plane .
Images show how an enormous jumbo jet has been converted into a luxury home for a mystery billionaire - complete with bedrooms , multiple lounges and an onboard restaurant . The custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner # 400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period . The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon , although he will be able to fit dozens of guests .
The custom - built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner £ 400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three - year period . The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon , although he will be able to fit dozens of guests . It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen , with a lounge and ' state room ' at the back of the plane .
Custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner £400million . Jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for a single tycoon . It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen . More sleeping space is provided in the 'aeroloft ' on the top deck of the vessel , with eight full beds .
The jumbo jet is one of the most luxurious private planes ever built , with the price tag believed to have reached a total of £400million . The aircraft is a Boeing 747-8 , which was customised to fit the owner 's specifications . It features a spacious main cabin , with a large dining room and a large conference room .
The custom-built boeing 747-8 is believed to have cost its owner £400million after it was customised over three years . It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen , with a lounge and 'state room ' at the back of the plane . More sleeping space is provided in the 'aeroloft ' on the top deck of the vessel , with eight full beds for passengers .
These extraordinary images show how an enormous jumbo jet has been converted into a luxury home for a mystery billionaire - complete with bedrooms , multiple lounges and an onboard restaurant . The custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner # 400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period . The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon , although he will be able to fit dozens of guests .
These extraordinary images show how an enormous jumbo jet has been converted into a luxury home for a mystery billionaire - complete with bedrooms , multiple lounges and an onboard restaurant . The custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner # 400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period . The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon , although he will be able to fit dozens of guests .
Boeing 747-8 is believed to have cost a mystery billionaire £ 400million . It was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period . It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen , with a lounge and ` state room '
The custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner £400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period . The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon , although he will be able to fit dozens of guests .
The custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner # 400million after it was customised to fit his specifications over a three-year period . The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a lounge and ` state room ' at the back of the plane . More sleeping space is the ` aeroloft ' on the top deck of the vessel .
The custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner # 400million . The jumbo jet would carry as many as 600 passengers . More sleeping space provided in the ` aeroloft ' on the top deck of the vessel . It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen .
Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral . The two-stage two-stage falcon rocket landed on the drone ship in january . The rocket was the attempt to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time . The company has said it will keep trying to land rocket on the ground .
Spacex founder elon musk tweeted : `` ascent successful . Dragon dragon enroute . Rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival `` spacex has said it will keep trying and , after it masters landing at sea .
( cnn ) spacex on tuesday launched a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station . That was the easy part . In a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time , the private space exploration company was unsuccessful . He later clarified that the rocket landed , but tipped over .
Spacex launched a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station . That was the easy part . In a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time . Musk wants to cut costs .
Spacex launched a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station . In a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time , the private space exploration company was unsuccessful . Spacex has said it will keep trying and , after it tried to land a falcon 9 on the drone ship in january .
Two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station . Spacex has said it will keep trying and , after it masters landing at sea , hopes to someday land rockets on the ground . Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds .
( cnn ) spacex on tuesday launched a two - stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station . In a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time , the private space exploration company was unsuccessful . Spacex founder elon musk tweeted : `` ascent successful . Dragon enroute to space station .
Spacex founder elon musk says the rocket landed , but tipped over . Spacex is trying to land rockets at sea and on land to cut costs . This is the sixth spacex mission to the international space station .
The Falcon 9 rocket was delayed after a major problem with the rocket 's second stage . The booster landed on the drone ship , but the rocket exploded . SpaceX hopes to land the rocket first time .
Spacex founder elon musk tweeted that the rocket landed , but tipped over . The rocket is carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon to the international space station .
( cnn ) spacex on tuesday launched a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station . That was the easy part . Dragon enroute to space station .
( cnn ) spacex on tuesday launched a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station . That was the easy part . In a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time , the private space exploration company was unsuccessful .
SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweets : `` Ascent successful . Dragon enroute to Space Station . Rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival `` He later clarified that the rocket landed , but tipped over . The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch .
Spacex founder elon musk tweeted : `` ascent successful . Rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival `` . Spacex has said it will keep trying and , after it hit at an angle and exploded .
Spacex on falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon . Spacex has said it will keep trying to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time . Private space exploration company was unsuccessful .
Spacex launches two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying uncrewed cargo spacecraft . The private space exploration company was unsuccessful . Spacex tried to land a falcon 9 on the drone ship in january . He later clarified that the rocket landed , but tipped over .
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding of love in las vegas . The winning duo will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel . The couple will be the first to wed at the all new chapel of love . The wedding is the first permanent graceland exhibit of the singer 's artifacts outside his iconic memphis home .
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas . The winning duo will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel . Westgate , formerly the las vegas hilton , is where elvis performed more than 830 sold-out shows . Along with the singer 's former wife in the audience , the winning couple will win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights .
The 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding ' . The winning duo - announced next monday - will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 . Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas .
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all new chapel of love in las vegas . The 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding ' westgate , formerly the las vegas hilton , is where elvis performed more than 830 sold-out shows .
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas . The 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding '
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas . The winning duo - announced next monday - will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 . The winning couple will win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights .
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all - new chapel of love in las vegas . The 69 - year - old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis - obsessed couple to win the ' ultimate wedding ' . The winning duo - announced next monday - will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 .
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas . The 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding ' the winning duo will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 .
The winning couple will tie the knot at Elvis Presley 's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday , April 23 ' I am so excited to be a part of this , ' she said . 'It is going to be a great experience for me and my family . ' The bride 's mother , Doris Presley , is also a part of the group that will receive a $ 1 million cash prize .
The 69-year-old actress collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding ' the winning duo - announced next monday - will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 .
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas . The 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding ' . The winning duo - announced next monday - will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 .
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas . The 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding ' . The winning duo - announced next monday - will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 .
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC 's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding ' The winning duo - announced next Monday - will tie the knot at Elvis Presley 's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on April 23 . Along with the singer 's former wife in the audience , the winning couple will win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights .
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas . The 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ' ultimate wedding ' . Westgate , formerly the las vegas hilton , is where elvis performed more than 830 sold-out shows .
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas . The 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding ' the winning duo will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 . Elvis performed more than 830 sold-out shows .
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas . The winning duo will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding . The 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding ' winning couple will win a free wedding reception and hotel suite .
Jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league . The england midfielder believes his side can catch manchester united . Simon mignolet played the game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united . Raheem sterling scored his first goal goal to make the return to manchester city .
Liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league . Henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night . Liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the premier league .
Liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league . Henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night . Manchester city have been faltering and lost 4-2 at manchester united , liverpool are four points behind .
Jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league . Henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night . Liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the barclays premier league .
Jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league . Henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night . Manchester city have been faltering and lost 4-2 at manchester united .
Jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the barclays premier league . Henderson and liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night . Henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night .
Liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the barclays premier league having fought through a tough and long season at anfield . Henderson and liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2 - 0 win over newcastle united on monday night , equalling the record for appearances by any player in the top five european leagues so far this campaign . Liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2 - 0 win over newcastle united on monday night
Liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side can catch manchester city in the premier league . Henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night . Raheem sterling opened the scoring in the ninth minute at anfield . Joe allen capitalised on a defensive mistake to score his first anfield goal with 20 minutes to go .
Liverpool 2-0 Newcastle United ' I thought it was a penalty , ' Allen said . ' I thought it was a penalty . I thought it was a penalty .
Liverpool beat newcastle united 2-0 at anfield on monday night . Vice-captain jordan henderson played his 47th game of the season . Henderson believes his side can catch manchester city in the premier league .
Liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the barclays premier league having fought through a tough and long season at anfield . Liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league . Henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night .
Liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the barclays premier league having fought through a tough and long season at anfield . Henderson and liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night , equalling the record for appearances by any player in the top five european leagues so far this campaign . But the england midfielder believes that after finding winning form again following poor results against manchester united and arsenal , liverpool can pile the pressure on to city who sit four points above them in the race for the champions league .
Liverpool beat Newcastle United 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night . Jordan Henderson and Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season . Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United . Liverpool are four points behind City in the Premier League .
Jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league . Liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch city . Henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united .
Henderson and liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night . Liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson believes his side could catch manchester city in the premier league . Manchester city have lost 4-2 at manchester united and liverpool are four points behind .
Jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city . Henderson and simon mignolet both played their 47th game of season . England midfielder believes liverpool can pile the pressure on to city . Henderson played his 47th game of season in 2-0 win over newcastle united . Jordan henderson believes his side could catch manchester city in the premier league .
Roma beat napoli beat napoli in serie a on saturday . Miralem pjanic scored the only goal of the game in the 25th minute . The roma beat the four-month winless streak at home with a victory over inter milan . Napoli beat roma 4-2 in the first half of the season .
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a on saturday . Miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by napoli in the second half . Miralem pjanic slots home to put roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack .
Miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by napoli in the second half . Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a on saturday in a key match for champions league places . Second-place roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals lazio , who play later on saturday .
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli . Miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute . Miralem pjanic slots home to put roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack .
Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals lazio , who play later on saturday . Miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after a clinical counter-attack . Pjanic ( second left ) celebrates with his team-mates juan iturbe , and daniele de rossi after scoring .
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a on saturday in a key match for champions league places . Miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by napoli in the second half . Miralem pjanic slots home to put roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack .
Roma ended their four - month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a on saturday in a key match for champions league places . Miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by napoli in the second half . ' It 's important to win a match and gain some continuity , ' de sanctis said . ' The last ( four ) months were tough in terms of results . Second - place roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals lazio , who play later on saturday .
Miralem pjanic scored the only goal of the game in the 25th minute . Roma keeper morgan de sanctis was excellent in goal for the hosts . Napoli 's winless streak - home and away - was extended to five matches .
Roma beat Napoli 4-2 in Serie A The result was a reminder that Roma are still a long way off their potential to challenge for the title . They are still in the race for the top four but are still two points behind leaders Juventus . They are also struggling to find the right balance in their squad , with new signing Luciano Spalletti having been unable to pull off a win in his first match in charge .
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a win over napoli . Miralem pjanic scored the only goal of the game in the 25th minute . Roma keeper morgan de sanctis was excellent to deny the visitors .
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a on saturday in a key match for champions league places . Miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by napoli in the second half . Second-place roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals lazio , who play later on saturday .
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a on saturday in a key match for champions league places . Miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by napoli in the second half . ` it 's important to win a match and gain some continuity , ' de sanctis said .
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday in a key match for Champions League places . Miralem Pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for Roma in the 25th minute . Second-place Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio .
Roma beat napoli 4-2 on saturday in a key match for champions league places . Miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute . Miralem pjanic slots home to put roma ahead in the 25th minute .
Roma ended their winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a . Miralem pjanic scored shot by napoli in the second half . Roma 's winless streak - and diego maradona 's former club were fifth .
Roma ended their winless streak at home with a victory over napoli . Miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma . They had gone seven matches since their last home win . Miralem pjanic slots home to put roma ahead in 25th minute . Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals lazio .
Yorkshire side beat doncaster rovers at doncaster rovers on saturday . Fleetwood tested the patience of the most fan fan . Doncaster 's media team faced with sticking up the match highlights of the game highlights of 0-0 draw at doncaster .
Yorkshire side firmly entrenched in mid-table mediocrity in league one . Doncaster 's league one encounter against fleetwood tested patience of fan . Doncaster 's media team faced tough challenge compling the match highlights of 0-0 draw .
Saturday 's visit of fleetwood town , who were eyeing the beach after their play-off hopes had all but evaporated , hardly promised to be a thriller . Doncaster 's league one encounter against fleetwood tested the patience of the most ardent fan . A must-see video for all football fans .
Doncaster 's league one encounter against fleetwood tested the patience of the most ardent fan . Doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights of 0-0 draw at the keepmoat stadium .
Uninspired campaign has seen mid-table mediocrity in league one . Saturday 's visit of fleetwood town , who were eyeing the beach after their play-off hopes had all but evaporated , hardly promised to be a thriller . Doncaster tested the patience of the most ardent fan .
Uninspired campaign has seen the yorkshire side firmly entrenched in mid-table mediocrity in league one . Doncaster 's league one encounter against fleetwood tested the patience of the most ardent fan . Doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights of 0-0 draw .
An uninspired campaign has seen the yorkshire side firmly entrenched in mid-table mediocrity in league one . Saturday 's visit of fleetwood town , who were eyeing the beach after their play - off hopes had all but evaporated , hardly promised to be a thriller . Doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights of 0 - 0 draw
Doncaster drew 0-0 with fleetwood at the keepmoat stadium on saturday . Doncaster 's media team faced a tough task compiling the match highlights . So they made it short and sweet , just 27 seconds in fact with 14 seconds of match action . Just enough time for the kick off , a goal kick and the final whistle .
Doncaster Rovers 0-0 Fleetwood Town
Doncaster rovers drew 0-0 with fleetwood town at the keepmoat stadium . The yorkshire side are mid-table mediocrity in league one . Doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights .
Doncaster 's league one encounter against fleetwood tested the patience of the most ardent fan . Doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights of 0-0 draw . The managers on the touchline during saturday 's goalless draw at the keepmoat stadium .
There 's not been a lot to laugh about this season at doncaster rovers . An uninspired campaign has seen the yorkshire side firmly entrenched in mid-table mediocrity in league one . Saturday 's visit of fleetwood town , who were eyeing the beach after their play-off hopes had all but evaporated , hardly promised to be a thriller .
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town at the Keepmoat Stadium . The Yorkshire side are rooted to the bottom of League One . Doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights . So they made it short and sweet , just 27 seconds in fact .
Saturday 's visit of fleetwood town , who were eyeing the beach after their play-off hopes had all but evaporated , hardly promised to be a thriller . Doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights of 0-0 draw . Doncaster 's league one encounter against fleetwood tested the patience of the most ardent fan .
Doncaster 's league one play-off draw at doncaster 's fleetwood town in league one . Doncaster 's media team won the match on 0-0 with 0-0 draw . Saturday 's visit was so it was 27 seconds for the kick off .
Doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match . Saturday 's visit of fleetwood town is eyeing the beach after their play-off hopes . The two sides played out a goalless draw at the keepmoat stadium . Yorkshire side firmly entrenched in mid-table mediocrity in league one .
Cats and dogs have the advantage over marine pets in they can interact with humans through the sense of touch . The fish starts relaxing in the man 's hand and stays very still as if he is to stroke it with his finger . The video fish interacts with the man by swimming up his finger in the fish .
Roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage . The fish begins relaxing in the man 's hand and stays very still as the owner begins to stroke it with his finger .
Capturing his remarkable relationship on camera , roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage . The man massages and plays with his fish for at least 15 minutes each day . But that does n't prevent one man from dipping his hand in the fish tank and giving his blood parrot cichlid a stroke .
Roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank . The fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man 's fingers .
Roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage . The fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man 's fingers .
Cats and dogs have the advantage over marine pets in that they can interact with humans through the sense of touch . But that does n't prevent one man from dipping his hand in the fish tank and then treats it to a massage . The fish begins relaxing in the man 's hand and stays very still as the owner begins to stroke it with his finger .
But that does n ’ t prevent one man from dipping his hand in the fish tank and giving his blood parrot cichlid a stroke . Capturing his remarkable relationship on camera , roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage . The fish begins relaxing in the man 's hand and stays very still as the owner begins to stroke it with his finger the fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man ’ s fingers .
Roland giroux plays with his blood parrot cichlid for at least 15 minutes a day . He places his hand in the tank and cups the fish with his fingers . He then begins massaging the fish by running his finger along it . The fish swims away a few times before returning to the man 's hand .
A man in Thailand is giving his blood parrot a stroke after it refused to leave his hand and the parrot returned the favor by swimming away from his hand .
Roland giroux keeps a blood parrot cichlid in his home in taiwan . The owner places his hand in the tank and stroked the fish with his finger . The fish swims around the man 's hand before returning to be massaged .
But that does n't prevent one man from dipping his hand in the fish tank and giving his blood parrot cichlid a stroke . Capturing his remarkable relationship on camera , roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage . The fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man 's fingers .
Cats and dogs have the advantage over marine pets in that they can interact with humans through the sense of touch . But that does n't prevent one man from dipping his hand in the fish tank and giving his blood parrot cichlid a stroke . Capturing his remarkable relationship on camera , roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage .
Roland Giroux captured his relationship with his blood parrot cichlid on camera . The man places his hand into the tank and gently cups the fish with his fingers . The fish begins swimming around the man 's fingers and towards the surface as he removes his hand .
Roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage . The fish begins relaxing in the man 's hand and stays very still as the owner begins to stroke it with his finger .
The fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man 's fingers . The man by running his finger along it and the blood parrot cichlid with his fingers . In the video the fish stays very still as the owner 's hand to stroke it with his finger .
Roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank . Fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle . The fish begins relaxing in the man 's hand and stays very still as the owner begins to stroke . But that does n't prevent one man from dipping his hand . Man then begins massaging the pet by running his finger along it .
Ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in england cricket team . Stokes broke his neck during the ashes series of ups and downs . He has been dismissed last year and that will be a reminder to him . He is back in england 's kensington oval this week .
Ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team . Stokes clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england . But stokes responded positively to the row after talking to england coach peter moores .
Ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team . Stokes ( left ) clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england . Stokes ( left ) congratulates england captain alastair cook after the side won the second test .
Ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team . Stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year . He was not worried about the bombardment he would get in return .
Ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team . Stokes clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england . But stokes responded positively to the row after talking to england coach peter moores .
Ben stokes first turned up at the kensington oval this week . Stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year . Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team . Stokes clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england .
Nothing is sacred in the team . When ben stokes first turned up at the kensington oval this week someone would have said : ‘ mind that locker , stokesey . It was here , of course , that stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year and that will be a reminder to him of the need to channel his aggression in the right way now he is back in the england team . Stokes ( left ) clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england
Ben stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year . Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england team . England must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance .
Stokes is a fiery character but he has to be managed The England team is going through a big change with the arrival of Peter Moores and the need for a new-look set-up . Moores wants a team that is more dynamic and is more adventurous but his first order of business is to get the best out of Stokes . The problem with Stokes is he is a natural player .
Ben stokes clashed with marlon samuels during second test in jamaica . Stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year . England want to have stokes in the team as much as possible .
' it was here , of course , that stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year and that will be a reminder to him of the need to channel his aggression in the right way now he is back in the england team . Ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team . Stokes ( left ) clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england .
There would have been no mercy in the dressing room . Nothing is sacred in the team . When ben stokes first turned up at the kensington oval this week someone would have said : ` mind that locker , stokesey . '
Ben Stokes clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test . But Stokes responded positively to the row after talking to England coach Peter Moores . England must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance and desire to take someone on . You want the character as long as the end product is runs and wickets .
Ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team . Stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year . But stokes responded positively to the row after talking to england coach peter moores .
Ben stokes clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england . Stokes has forged a fiery character in the england cricket team . Stokes broke his wrist a locker after being dismissed last year .
Ben stokes forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team . Stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year . Stokes clashed with marlon samuels during the second test . Ben stokes first turned up at the kensington oval this week . Stokes responded positively to the row after talking to england coach peter moores .
The top two sides in group b meet at cardiff city stadium on june 12 . Wales ' crunch euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer . Wales play belgium at the 1958 world cup on june 1958 . Chris coleman 's charges can claim one of the two automatic qualifiers spots . Belgium and wales have 11 points from five games in 1958 .
Wales ' euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . The top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 with wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in sweden . Belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side - ranked fourth in the world .
Wales ' euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . Belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side - ranked fourth in the world - on top spot because of a superior goal difference . Wales ' crunch euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out .
Wales squad prefer to play at the cardiff city stadium rather than the millennium stadium . Belgium and wales have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side - ranked fourth in the world - on top spot because of a superior goal difference . Wales ' euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out .
Wales ' crunch euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . The top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 with wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in sweden . Belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side - ranked fourth in the world - on top spot because of a superior goal difference . Wales ' comprehensive 3-0 victory in israel last weekend has seen expectations rise that
Wales ' crunch euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . The top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 with wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in sweden . Belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side - ranked fourth in the world - on top spot because of a superior goal difference .
Wales ' crunch euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell - out . The top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 with wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in sweden . Belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side - ranked fourth in the world - on top spot because of a superior goal difference .
The top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 . Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in sweden . Belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side on top spot because of a superior goal difference .
Wales ' Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out Wales ' players celebrate after beating Israel 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualifying Wales ' players celebrate after beating Israel 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualifying Wales ' players celebrate after beating Israel 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualifying Wales ' players celebrate after beating Israel 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualifying Wales ' players celebrate after beating Israel 3-0
Wales ' euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . The top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 . Belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games .
Wales ' crunch euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . The top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 with wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in sweden . Wales ' euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out .
Wales ' crunch euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . The top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 with wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in sweden . Belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side - ranked fourth in the world - on top spot because of a superior goal difference .
Wales ' crunch Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12 . Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden .
Wales ' crunch euro 2016 qualifier with belgium declared a 33,000 sell-out . The top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 with wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in sweden . Belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side - ranked fourth in the world .
Top two sides in group b meet at cardiff city stadium on june 12 . Belgium and wales have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side . Wales ' crunch euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer is a 33,000 sell-out .
Top two sides in group b meet at cardiff city stadium on june 12 . Belgium and wales have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots . Wales ' euro 2016 qualifier with belgium has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . Gareth bale fires homes a brilliant free-kick during wales 's 3-0 win over israel . Real madrid star bale scored the top of the group b table .
John peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa under-17 championship . The young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year . Herbie kane and trent arnold have also been included in john peacock under-17 squad for the first time . The 100 per cent record in qualifying .
England coach john peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . The young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year . They have been placed in group d alongside holland , italy and the republic of ireland this time around and will open their campaign against italy in may 7 .
England coach john peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . The young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year , and progressed to this edition with a 100 per cent record in qualifying . They have been placed in group d alongside holland , italy and the republic of ireland this time around and will open their campaign against italy in burgas on may 7 .
John peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . The young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year . They have been placed in group d alongside holland , italy and the republic of ireland this time around .
England coach john peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . The young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year . They have been placed in group d alongside holland , italy and the republic of ireland this time around and will open their campaign against italy in may .
England coach john peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . The young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year . They have been placed in group d alongside holland , italy and the republic of ireland .
England coach john peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under - 17 championship in bulgaria . The young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year , and progressed to this edition with a 100 per cent record in qualifying . They have been placed in group d alongside holland , italy and the republic of ireland this time around and will open their campaign against italy in burgas on may 7 .
England coach john peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . The young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year . England have been placed in group d alongside holland , italy and the republic of ireland and will open their campaign against italy in burgas on may 7 .
England Under-17s have qualified for the UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria Trent Arnold ( Liverpool ) , Herbie Kane ( Liverpool ) , Chris Willock ( Arsenal ) , Stephy Mavididi ( Arsenal ) , Ike Ugbo ( Chelsea ) England Under-17s are in Group D alongside Italy , Holland and the Republic of Ireland England U17s will open their campaign against Italy on May 7 England U17s are in Group D alongside Italy
John peacock has named his england squad for next month 's european under-17 championship in bulgaria . The young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year . They have been placed in group d alongside holland , italy and the republic of ireland this time around and will open their campaign against italy on may 7 .
England coach john peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . The young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year , and progressed to this edition with a 100 per cent record in qualifying . Chelsea youngster jay dasilva ( right ) has been included in john peacock under-17 squad .
England coach john peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . The young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year , and progressed to this edition with a 100 per cent record in qualifying . They have been placed in group d alongside holland , italy and the republic of ireland this time around and will open their campaign against italy in burgas on may 7 .
John Peacock has named his squad for next month 's UEFA European Under-17 Championship . The Young Lions are the defending champions , having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year . They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland , Italy and the Republic of Ireland .
John peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . The young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year . They have been placed in group d alongside holland , italy and the republic of ireland .
John peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . The young lions are the defending champions and will open their campaign against italy in burgas on may 7 . Arsenal 's chris willock has been called up to the squad for first time .
John peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship . The young lions face holland on penalties in the final last year . They have been placed in group d alongside holland , italy and ireland . Liverpool pair herbie kane and trent arnold have earned a recall .
Evangelos patoulidis is regarded as one of the best players to emerge from anderlecht youth . He has also attracted attention from arsenal and barcelona . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy . The 14-year-old has attracted interest from barcelona to barcelona .
Manchester city are keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis . The 14-year-old is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht 's youth set-up . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies .
Manchester city are keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies . He has continued to impress and city have held discussions with anderlecht chairman roger vanden stock in the hope of agreeing a compensation package .
Manchester city want to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy . He was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies .
Manchester city are keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies . City have held discussions with anderlecht chairman roger vanden stock in the hope of agreeing a compensation package .
Manchester city are keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis . The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy .
Manchester city are keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis . The 14 - year - old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht 's youth set - up and has also attracted attention from arsenal and barcelona . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies .
Evangelos patoulidis is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht 's youth set-up . The 14-year-old playmaker has also attracted attention from arsenal and barcelona . City have held discussions with anderlecht chairman roger vanden stock in the hope of agreeing a compensation package .
Anderlecht are keen to sign Anderlecht teenager Evangelos Patoulidis . The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from Anderlecht 's youth set-up and has also attracted attention from Arsenal and Barcelona . The Belgian starlet rejected a move to Barcelona 's La Masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies .
Evangelos patoulidis is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht 's youth set-up . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies .
Manchester city are keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies . Manuel pellegrini is looked to build for the future by snapping up hot property evangelos patoulidis .
Manchester city are keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis . The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht 's youth set-up and has also attracted attention from arsenal and barcelona . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies .
Manuel Pellegrini is keen to sign Anderlecht youngster Evangelos Patoulidis . The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from the Belgian club 's youth set-up . Arsenal and Barcelona are also interested in the youngster .
Manchester city are keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis . The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht 's youth set-up . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies .
Evangelos patoulidis has been linked with arsenal and barcelona . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona . Anderlecht chairman roger vanden is keen to sign manuel pellegrini .
Manchester city are keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis . The belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy . The 14-year-old is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht . City have held discussions with anderlecht chairman roger vanden stock .
Vanessa santillan , 33 , was found in a flat in fulham , south west london . The 33-year-old mexican national was found dead at the end of march . She was found guilty of injuries to the head and neck . Police are appealing to anyone who may have had contact with miss santillan in the hours before her death . She has been told to return to a london police station for further questioning .
Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in fulham , south west london , at the end of march . The 33-year-old mexican national , who worked as a transgender escort , died at the end of march . Her body was found in a flat in fulham having been strangled and beaten to death . A 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed .
Vanessa santillan , 33 , was killed at the end of march . Her body was found in a flat in fulham having been strangled and beaten to death . The 33-year-old mexican national , who worked as a transgender escort , died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in fulham , south west london , at the end of march .
Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in fulham , south west london . Her body was found in a flat in fulham having been strangled and beaten to death . Scotland yard is appealing to anyone who may have had contact with her in the hours before her death .
Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in south west london . The 33-year-old national , who worked as a transgender escort , died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . Her body was found in a flat in fulham having been strangled and beaten to death .
Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in fulham , south west london , at the end of march . The 33-year-old mexican national , who worked as a transgender escort , died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . Her body was found in a flat in fulham having been strangled and beaten to death .
Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a £ 400,000 flat in fulham , south west london , at the end of march . The 33 - year - old mexican national , who worked as a transgender escort , died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . Vanessa santillan , 33 , was killed at the end of march .
Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a flat in fulham last month . The 33-year-old had been strangled and beaten to death . A 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death . He has been bailed and will return to a london police station .
Vanessa Santillan worked as a transgender escort in London . She was found strangled and beaten to death on March 28 She wrote : 'My favourite city is London . I love the food , the culture , the art , the nightlife , the nightlife , the nightlife , the nightlife , the nightlife , the nightlife , the nightlife , the nightlife , the nightlife , the nightlife , the nightlife , the nightlife , the nightlife , the
Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a £400,000 flat in fulham , london . The 33-year-old mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . A 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed . He has been told to return to a london police station for further questioning .
Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in fulham , south west london , at the end of march . Vanessa santillan , 33 , was killed at the end of march . Her body was found in a flat in fulham having been strangled and beaten to death .
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a transgender escort who was found strangled and beaten last month . Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in fulham , south west london , at the end of march . The 33-year-old mexican national , who worked as a transgender escort , died as a result of injuries to the head and neck .
Vanessa Santillan 's body was found in a £ 400,000 flat in Fulham , London . The 33-year-old Mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . Police have arrested a man in connection with her death but have bailed him .
Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a £400,000 flat in fulham , south west london . The 33-year-old mexican national , who worked as a transgender escort , died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . Police did not confirm whether her profession was central to the investigation but insisted they would do ' everything ' to solve the case .
Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in fulham , south west london , at the end of march . The 33-year-old mexican national , who worked as a transgender escort , died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . A 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed .
Vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in fulham , south london . The 33-year-old died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . A 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death . Vanessa santillan , 33 , was killed at the end of march . Scotland yard is appealing to anyone who may have had contact with miss santillan .
Bereaved mother , named dawn , was appearing on the jeremy kyle show . She had seven miscarriages , was found to be lying after taking a test . Jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner , also called jamie , had done the deed . She burst into tears and stormed off with the cash . She was told to conduct a lie detector test and when the results came back . The itv talk show , discovered that # 207 set aside for a # 500 grave stone .
Dawn , who has seven miscarriages , was furious to discover her friend had stolen from her . One of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed that jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , had done the deed , she burst into tears and stormed off . Suspecting house-mate jamie and his girlfriend carol , she confronted them but was initially met with a flat denial .
The bereaved mother , named dawn , was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused long-term chum , convicted burglar jamie , of making off with the cash . When one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed that jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , had done the deed , she burst into tears and stormed off . A woman who suffered seven miscarriages has spoken of her distress after a family friend stole the money set aside for her babies ' grave stone .
The bereaved mother , named dawn , was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused long-term chum , jamie , of making off with the cash . When one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed that jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , had done the deed , she burst into tears and stormed off . Mr kyle also revealed that jamie had sent a facebook message to dawn during the journey to london in which he declared his undying love .
The bereaved mother , named dawn , was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused long-term chum , convicted burglar jamie , of making off with the cash . When one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed that jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , had done the deed , she burst into tears and stormed off . Dawn , who has previously appeared on the itv talk show , discovered that # 207 set aside for a # 500 grave stone had disappeared .
Bereaved mother , named dawn , was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused long-term chum , convicted burglar jamie , of making off with the cash . When one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed that jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , had done the deed . The drama began when dawn , who has previously appeared on the itv talk show , discovered that # 207 set aside for a # 500 grave stone had disappeared .
The bereaved mother , named dawn , was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused long - term chum , convicted burglar jamie , of making off with the cash . When one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed that jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , had done the deed , she burst into tears and stormed off .
Dawn , who has had seven miscarriages , appeared on the jeremy kyle show . She accused house-mate jamie , a convicted burglar , of stealing £207 . Mr kyle 's lie detector test revealed that jamie had indeed taken the cash .
Jamie took £207 from Dawn 's grave stone and tried to cover it up by claiming it was Carol 's money She added : ' I was so angry . I was so angry . I wanted to cry and I wanted to cry .
Dawn , who has had seven miscarriages , appeared on jeremy kyle show . Accused house-mate jamie , also called jamie , of stealing from her . She burst into tears when lie detector test revealed jamie was lying .
A woman who suffered seven miscarriages has spoken of her distress after a family friend stole the money set aside for her babies ' grave stone . The bereaved mother , named dawn , was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused long-term chum , convicted burglar jamie , of making off with the cash . When one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed that jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , had done the deed , she burst into tears and stormed off .
A woman who suffered seven miscarriages has spoken of her distress after a family friend stole the money set aside for her babies ' grave stone . The bereaved mother , named dawn , was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused long-term chum , convicted burglar jamie , of making off with the cash . When one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed that jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , had done the deed , she burst into tears and stormed off .
Dawn , who has had seven miscarriages , was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show . She accused long-term chum , convicted burglar Jamie , of stealing from her . When a lie detector test revealed he had done the deed , she burst into tears . She was going to spend the money on a £ 500 grave stone .
Dawn , who has had seven miscarriages , was furious to discover her friend had stolen from her . The bereaved mother , named dawn , was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused long-term chum , convicted burglar jamie , of making off with the cash . When one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed that jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , had done the deed , she said .
Dawn , who has seven miscarriages , was furious to discover her friend had stolen from her . When one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed jamie , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , burst into tears and stormed off . Jamie had sent a message to dawn during the journey to london in which he declared his undying love .
Bereaved mother , named dawn , was appearing on jeremy kyle show and accused burglar jamie . When one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed she burst into tears and stormed off . The drama began when dawn , who has previously appeared on the itv talk show . Suspecting house-mate jamie and his girlfriend carol confronted them but was initially met with a flat denial .
New : isis released more than 200 yazidis , a minority group group says . The islamist terror group has been killed in recent summer . The isis released scores of other yazidis , mainly children and the elderly . The peshmerga commander says the freed yazidis are released .
Isis released more than 200 yazidis , a minority group whose members were killed , officials say . Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly . The freed yazidis were received by peshmerga , who sent them to the kurdish regional capital .
( cnn ) isis on wednesday released more than 200 yazidis , a minority group whose members were killed , captured and displaced when the islamist terror organization overtook their towns in northern iraq last summer , officials said . Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly , said rassol omar , a commander in the peshmerga force that defends northern iraq 's semi-autonomous kurdish region . Isis previously released scores of other yazidis -- largely children and the elderly -- since attacking the group 's towns last year .
More than 200 yazidis were released wednesday . Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly . Omar did n't say what led to the release .
Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly . The freed yazidis were received by peshmerga , who sent them to the kurdish regional capital , irbil .
Isis on wednesday released more than 200 yazidis , a minority group whose members were killed , captured and displaced when the islamist terror organization overtook their towns in northern iraq last summer . Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly , said rassol omar , a commander in the peshmerga force that defends northern iraq 's semi-autonomous kurdish region .
( cnn ) isis on wednesday released more than 200 yazidis , a minority group whose members were killed , captured and displaced when the islamist terror organization overtook their towns in northern iraq last summer , officials said . Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly , said rassol omar , a commander in the peshmerga force that defends northern iraq 's semi-autonomous kurdish region . The freed yazidis were received by peshmerga , who sent them to the kurdish regional capital , irbil , said nuri osman , an official with iraq 's kurdistan regional government .
Most of those released were women and children , a peshmerga commander says . Isis previously released scores of other yazidis .
ISIS released over 200 Yazidis on Wednesday .
Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly , official says . Isis previously released scores of other yazidis since attacking the group 's towns last year . Yazidis are of kurdish descent , and their religion is considered a pre-islamic sect .
( cnn ) isis on wednesday released more than 200 yazidis , a minority group whose members were killed , captured and displaced when the islamist terror organization overtook their towns in northern iraq last summer , officials said . Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly , said rassol omar , a commander in the peshmerga force that defends northern iraq 's semi-autonomous kurdish region . Osman said 217 yazidis were released .
( cnn ) isis on wednesday released more than 200 yazidis , a minority group whose members were killed , captured and displaced when the islamist terror organization overtook their towns in northern iraq last summer , officials said . Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly , said rassol omar , a commander in the peshmerga force that defends northern iraq 's semi-autonomous kurdish region . Omar did n't say what led to the release , other than asserting that arab tribal leaders helped to coordinate it .
Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly . The freed Yazidis were received by Peshmerga , who sent them to Irbil , an official says . It was n't immediately clear what motivated Wednesday 's release , Nuri Osman says .
Yazidis are of kurdish descent , and their religion is considered a pre-islamic sect that draws from christianity , judaism and zoroastrianism . Isis ' conquest of the town of sinjar , in particular , provoked a major humanitarian crisis .
Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly , officials say . Freed yazidis , a minority group , captured and displaced in northern iraq last summer . Arab tribal leaders did not say what led to release .
More than 200 yazidis , a minority group whose members were killed . Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly . Isis previously released scores of yazidis since attacking the group 's towns . Yazidis were received by peshmerga , who sent them to the kurdish capital , irbil .
Harry kane has broken through into the first team . The video has been released ahead of the awards . The pfa player has been nominated for the tottenham in the season . The tottenham striker is nominated for both the players and young player . Kane scored the winner in the premier league on sunday .
Harry kane has broken through into the first team , and into roy hodgson 's england side during a remarkable season . The tottenham sensation is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season . Kane scores past tim krul for spurs against newcastle , his 20th premier league goal of the season .
The tottenham sensation , who has broken through into the first team , and into roy hodgson 's england side during a remarkable season , is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season . And now the spurs striker features in a clever new animation , which features some of kane 's best goals , and celebrations from the season . Harry kane celebrates yet another goal during what has been an incredible season for the young striker .
Harry kane is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season . The tottenham striker is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the year awards . Kane is up against the likes of chelsea 's eden hazard and alexis sanchez .
Harry kane 's 20th premier league goal of the season . The video is entitled ` harry kane - pfa player of the year ? ' Kane is up against the likes of chelsea 's eden hazard and alexis sanchez .
Harry kane has broken through into the first team , and into roy hodgson 's england side during a remarkable season . The tottenham sensation is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season . Kane is nominated for both the pfa player of the year awards .
The tottenham sensation , who has broken through into the first team , and into roy hodgson 's england side during a remarkable season , is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season . And now the spurs striker features in a clever new animation , which features some of kane 's best goals , and celebrations from the season . Kane scores past tim krul for spurs against newcastle , his 20th premier league goal of the season
Harry kane is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season awards . The tottenham striker has scored 20 premier league goals this season . Kane also made his england debut , scoring against switzerland .
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Season . Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Kane 's Premier League goals have been some of the most exciting this season , but he has also been a constant source of entertainment off it Harry Kane has scored 20 goals in his first season in the Premier League , and has been a constant source of entertainment off it Kane
Harry kane is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the year . Tottenham striker features in a clever new animation , which features some of his best goals , and celebrations from the season . The video , produced by copa90 , uses still photographs of the england forward placed one on top of the other to produce an animated effect . It features his long-range strike against chelsea , a headed goal against arsenal , and the moment he came on - and scored - on his england debut .
The tottenham sensation , who has broken through into the first team , and into roy hodgson 's england side during a remarkable season , is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season . Kane scores past tim krul for spurs against newcastle , his 20th premier league goal of the season . The video is entitled ` harry kane - pfa player of the year ?
Harry kane 's celebrations this season have always shown him to be an animated young man when he 's on the pitch - but now he is being animated off it as well . The tottenham sensation , who has broken through into the first team , and into roy hodgson 's england side during a remarkable season , is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season . And now the spurs striker features in a clever new animation , which features some of kane 's best goals , and celebrations from the season .
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Year awards . The Tottenham striker has scored 20 Premier League goals this season . Kane is up against Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the top prize . A new animation has been released showing some of Kane 's best goals .
Harry kane celebrates yet another goal during what has been an incredible season for the pfa player and young player of the season . The video , produced by copa90 , uses still photographs of the england forward placed one on top of the other to produce an animated effect . The video is entitled ' harry kane - pfa player of the year ? '
Harry kane is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season . The spurs striker has been released from the awards ceremony on sunday . The tottenham striker features in a new animation .
Harry kane 's celebrations have always shown him to be an animated young man . The tottenham sensation has broken through into the first team . The spurs striker features a clever new animation . The video , produced by copa90 , uses still photographs of the england forward .
Jamie carragher says brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward . The former liverpool defender has been questioned after a third straight season . The reds are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand . Brendan rodgers ' future at anfield has been been questioned .
Jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four . Rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy . Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification .
Jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four . Brendan rodgers is under pressure at liverpool after a third straight season without a trophy . Rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy , but the former liverpool defender backed the reds manager .
Brendan rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy . Liverpool are seven points behind manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification . Liverpool were knocked out of the fa cup by aston villa in a disappointing semi-final performance .
Jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a third straight season without a trophy . But the former liverpool defender backed the reds manager . Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season .
Jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four . Rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy . Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city .
Jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four . Rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy , but the former liverpool defender backed the reds manager . Jamie carragher shared this image on instagram after collecting a beacon award on tuesday liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season .
Jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward . Rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy . Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season . Carragher received a beacon award at a ceremony in london on tuesday for his community work on merseyside .
Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is the right man to lead Liverpool forward
Jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies . Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season . Carragher received a beacon award at a ceremony in london on tuesday night for his community work on merseyside .
Jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four . Rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy , but the former liverpool defender backed the reds manager . Brendan rodgers is under pressure at liverpool after a third straight season without a trophy .
Jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four . Rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy , but the former liverpool defender backed the reds manager . Speaking after collecting a beacon award for his community work on merseyside on tuesday , carragher said : ' i do n't think your whole future should be determined by one game .
Jamie Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is still the right man to lead Liverpool forward after a season with no trophies . Rodgers ' future at Anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy . Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City with a game in hand .
Jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four . Rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy , but the former liverpool defender backed the reds manager . Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season .
Jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four . Rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy . Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand .
Jamie carragher shared this image on instagram after collecting a beacon award . Rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season . Liverpool are seven points behind manchester city with a game in hand . Brendan rodgers is under pressure at liverpool . Carragher believes brendan rodgers is the right man to lead liverpool forward .
James hayward had his toy gun confiscated at east midlands airport . The boy was frisked by airport security and then forced to hand over his plastic nerf gun . Security officers described as ` over-zealous ' by the boy 's father . He took exception to james 's harmless toy when it was picked up on the system 's x-ray machines . He has labelled the security checks ` ludicrous ' and said staff reacted in the situation .
James hayward had his toy gun confiscated at east midlands airport . A four-year-old boy was frisked by airport security and then forced to hand over his plastic nerf gun after it was deemed a security risk . Dad phil has labelled the security checks ` ludicrous ' and criticized how staff reacted in the situation .
James hayward had arrived at east midlands airport with his parents , phil , 44 , and hazel , 38 , with his brightly coloured toy - which fires sponge darts - packed in his hand luggage for their flight out to lanzarote . A four-year-old boy was frisked by airport security and then forced to hand over his plastic nerf gun after it was deemed a security risk . Four-year-old james hayward had his toy gun confiscated at east midlands airport .
Four-year-old boy was frisked by airport security and then forced to hand over his plastic nerf gun after it was deemed a security risk . But security officers , who were described as ` over-zealous ' by the boy 's father , then took exception to james 's harmless toy when it was picked up on the system 's x-ray machines . Dad phil has labelled the security checks ` ludicrous ' .
James hayward had arrived at east midlands airport with his parents , phil , 44 , and hazel , 38 , with his brightly coloured toy - which fires sponge darts - packed in his hand luggage for their flight out to lanzarote . Security officers described as ` over-zealous ' by the boy 's father , then took exception to james 's harmless toy when it was picked up on the system 's x-ray machines . Dad phil has labelled the security checks ` ludicrous '
James hayward had his toy gun confiscated at east midlands airport . A four-year-old boy was frisked by airport security and then forced to hand over his plastic nerf gun after it was deemed a security risk . Security officers , who were described as ` over-zealous ' by the boy 's father , then took exception to james 's harmless toy when it was picked up on the system 's x-ray machines .
A four - year - old boy was frisked by airport security and then forced to hand over his plastic nerf gun after it was deemed a security risk . James hayward had arrived at east midlands airport with his parents , phil , 44 , and hazel , 38 , with his brightly coloured toy - which fires sponge darts - packed in his hand luggage for their flight out to lanzarote . But security officers , who were described as ' over-zealous ' by the boy 's father , then took exception to james 's harmless toy when it was picked up on the system 's x-ray machines .
James hayward arrived at east midlands airport with his parents . The four-year-old had his plastic toy gun packed in his hand luggage . But security took exception to the toy when it was picked up on x-ray . They demanded he hand it over and performed a thorough patting down . Dad phil has labelled the security checks 'ludicrous ' and criticized staff .
James Hayward was frisked by airport security at East Midlands Airport and then forced to hand over his toy gun after it was deemed a security risk 'We 're sorry we did n't get back to you as quickly as we could . We 're sorry you were delayed and that you had to wait for your new toy , ' a spokesperson said . 'We have offered to send the toy back to you and we will refund the cost of the toy to you .
James hayward had his plastic nerf gun confiscated at east midlands airport . The four-year-old had packed it in his hand luggage for their flight out to lanzarote . But security officers took exception to the harmless toy when it was picked up on the system 's x-ray machines . They demanded he hand it over , and they also performed a thorough patting down and inspection of the primary school child . East midlands airport apologised for the inconvenience but offered to post the toy back to the family 's home in doncaster , south yorkshire .
Four-year-old james hayward had his toy gun confiscated at east midlands airport . A four-year-old boy was frisked by airport security and then forced to hand over his plastic nerf gun after it was deemed a security risk . James hayward had arrived at east midlands airport with his parents , phil , 44 , and hazel , 38 , with his brightly coloured toy - which fires sponge darts - packed in his hand luggage for their flight out to lanzarote .
Four-year-old james hayward had his toy gun confiscated at east midlands airport . A four-year-old boy was frisked by airport security and then forced to hand over his plastic nerf gun after it was deemed a security risk . James hayward had arrived at east midlands airport with his parents , phil , 44 , and hazel , 38 , with his brightly coloured toy - which fires sponge darts - packed in his hand luggage for their flight out to lanzarote .
James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport . The four-year-old was frisked and then forced to hand over his Nerf gun . The toy , which fires sponge darts , was deemed a security risk . The boy 's father described the security checks as ` ludicrous '
James hayward had arrived at east midlands airport with his parents , phil , 44 , and hazel , 38 , with his brightly coloured toy - which fires sponge darts - packed in his hand luggage for their flight out to lanzarote . But security officers , who were described as 'over-zealous ' by the boy 's father , took exception to james 's harmless toy when it was picked up on the system 's x-ray machines . Dad phil has labelled the security checks ' ludicrous ' and criticized how staff reacted in the situation .
James hayward had his toy gun confiscated at east midlands airport . But security officers , who were described as ` over-zealous ' by the boy 's father , took exception to james 's harmless toy when it was picked up on the system 's x-ray machines . Also performed a patting patting down and inspection of the primary school child .
James hayward had his toy gun confiscated at east midlands airport . Security officers were described as ` over-zealous ' by the boy 's father . A four-year-old boy was frisked by airport security . Phil , 44 , and hazel , 38 , with his brightly coloured toy . After returning from the holiday to lanzarote , the four-year-old was bought a replacement toy gun .
The outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , has his dream girl on gumtree . He is also ` also a princess ' need to be ' . Accomodation available , position may offer company car , phone and laptop , to the ` successful candidate ' , ' it reads . The advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner , and personal details about his dream .
` rich ' who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . ` prefer non drinker and smoker ( i know i 'm dreamin ) , fit attractive , will get free gym membership , to a gym of there , ' it reads . The 31-year-old 's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner , and personal details about himself .
The outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . The 31-year-old 's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner , and personal details about himself . ` rich ' who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree .
` rich ' who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . The 31-year-old 's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner , and personal details about himself .
` rich ' who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . ` prefer non drinker and smoker ( i know i 'm dreamin ) , fit attractive , will get free gym membership , to a gym of there choice , position may offer company car , phone and laptop , to the ` successful candidate '
Lonely man has taken his search for love - or lust - online , posting an advertisement complete with his desires , or ` requirements ' . The outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree .
A lonely man has taken his search for love - or lust - online , posting an advertisement complete with his desires , or ' requirements ' . The outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . Girlfriend / wife , must love pets ... accomodation available , position may offer company car , phone and laptop , to the ' successful candidate ' , ' it reads .
'rich ' who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . The 31-year-old 's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner , and personal details about himself . The advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors , but is also 'also a princess when need to be ' .
Rich , who lives in Humpty Doo , Northern Territory , detailed his dream girl on Gumtree
The outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . The advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors , but is also 'also a princess when need to be ' the 31-year-old 's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner , and personal details about himself .
The outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . ` wanted ! ! ! ! ! Girlfriend/wife , must love pets ... accomodation available , position may offer company car , phone and laptop , to the ` successful candidate ' , ' it reads . ` rich ' who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree .
A lonely man has taken his search for love - or lust - online , posting an advertisement complete with his desires , or ` requirements ' . The outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . ` wanted ! ! ! ! !
The outback Casanova , who lives in Humpty Doo , Northern Territory , detailed his dream girl on Gumtree . The advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors , but is also ` also a princess when need to be ' ` Rich ' promised ` all reasonable offers will be considered '
'rich ' , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . The 31-year-old 's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner , and his potential partner would ' receive lots of benefits ' . Rich ' promised ' all reasonable offers will be considered ' .
` rich ' prefer non drinker and smoker will get free gym membership . It is also ` also a princess when need to be ' for his part in humpty doo , northern territory . Outback casanova , who lives in northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree .
The outback casanova detailed his dream girl on gumtree . ` wanted ! ! ! ! ! Girlfriend/wife , phone and laptop , to the ` successful candidate ' ` rich ' who lives in humpty doo , northern territory . The 31-year-old 's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner .
Greg dyke wants to increase minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 . The proposals include changing rules so that ` home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years . He is facing opposition from the premier league and the backing of five former england managers graham taylor , glenn hoddle , sven-goran eriksson and steve mcclaren have signed a letter .
Football association chairman greg dyke has been handed the backing of five former england managers as he bids to push through radical changes . Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 , however he is facing opposition from the premier league . Fa chairman greg dyke wants to increase the number of homegrown players at top flight clubs .
Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 , however he is facing opposition from the premier league . Football association chairman greg dyke has been handed the backing of five former england managers as he bids to push through radical changes . The proposals also include changing the rules so that ` home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21 .
Greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of homegrown players at top flight clubs . Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 , however he is facing opposition from the premier league . The five former three lions bosses warn the english game will suffer if it blocks the proposals from dyke and the fa 's england commission .
Greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 , however he is facing opposition from the premier league . The proposals also include changing the rules so that ` home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21 . Graham taylor , glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , sven-goran eriksson and steve mcclaren have signed a letter addressed to dyke .
Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 . Proposals also include changing the rules so that ` home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21 . Fa chairman greg dyke wants to increase the number of homegrown players at top flight clubs .
Football association chairman greg dyke has been handed the backing of five former england managers as he bids to push through radical changes . Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home - grown players in club squads from eight to 12 , however he is facing opposition from the premier league . The proposals also include changing the rules so that ' home - grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21 .
Fa chairman greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 . Graham taylor , glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , sven-goran eriksson and steve mcclaren have signed a letter addressed to dyke . Only 81 of the 220 premier league starters in the last round of matches were eligible for england selection .
Dyke wants to increase the number of home-grown players at top flight clubs from eight to 12 'The current crop of young players is the most talented ever assembled by the game and has the potential to be the best in England 's history , ' they write . 'We are all indebted to the England coaches who have helped us achieve this . 'The current crop of young players is the most talented ever assembled by the game and has the potential to be the best in England
Fa chairman greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 . The proposals also include changing the rules so that 'home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21 . Graham taylor , glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , sven-goran eriksson and steve mcclaren have signed a letter addressed to dyke .
Football association chairman greg dyke has been handed the backing of five former england managers as he bids to push through radical changes . Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 , however he is facing opposition from the premier league . The proposals also include changing the rules so that ` home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21 .
Football association chairman greg dyke has been handed the backing of five former england managers as he bids to push through radical changes . Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 , however he is facing opposition from the premier league . The proposals also include changing the rules so that ` home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21 .
FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 . Graham Taylor , Glenn Hoddle , Kevin Keegan , Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke .
Football association chairman greg dyke wants to increase the number of home-grown players at top flight clubs . Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 . The proposals also include changing the rules so that 'home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years .
Fa chairman greg dyke wants to increase minimum number of homegrown players in club squads from eight to 12 . The proposals also include changing the rules so that ` home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 . Only 81 of the 220 premier league starters in the last round were eligible for england selection .
Greg dyke has been handed the backing of five former england managers . Dyke wants to increase minimum number of home-grown players in club squads . The proposals include changing the rules so that ` home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 . Fa chairman greg dyke wants to increase number of homegrown players .
Demelza poldark is now the oldest mother to the show 's new baby daughter . The episode will see aidan turner 's dashing ross gaze lovingly at his new baby . The new heartthrob , women across the country have voiced their love to settle down . She is giving birth to the last month of her pregnancy passing in less than the blink of an eye .
Aidan turner 's dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . As sunday night 's latest heartthrob , women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding cornish gentleman . Last week she was barely showing -- but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show 's latest addition .
Within ten minutes of tomorrow night 's episode , fans will see aidan turner 's dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . Last week she was barely showing -- but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show 's latest addition . Last week she was barely showing -- but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show 's latest addition .
Demelza poldark is the proud mother to the show 's latest addition . He may have married his red-headed kitchen maid out of duty , but as he tells her that she makes him a better man .
Fans will see aidan turner 's dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby . As sunday night 's latest heartthrob , women have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding cornish gentleman . But unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market .
Demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show 's latest addition . Within ten minutes of tomorrow night 's episode , fans will see aidan turner 's dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter .
Within ten minutes of tomorrow night ’ s episode , fans will see aidan turner ’ s dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . Last week she was barely showing – but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show ’ s latest addition what is rather less convincing , however , is the timeline of the pregnancy .
Last week demelza poldark was barely showing – but she is now the proud mother to the show ’ s latest addition . Within ten minutes of tomorrow night ’ s episode , fans will see aidan turner ’ s dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . What is rather less convincing , however , is the timeline of the pregnancy .
Last week she was barely showing – but Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother to the show 's latest addition
Demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show ’ s latest addition . Within ten minutes of tomorrow night ’ s episode , fans will see aidan turner ’ s dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . It is reminiscent of the show ’ s previous pregnancy that saw elizabeth , another contender for ross ’ s affection , go to full term in the gap between two episodes .
Last week she was barely showing -- but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show 's latest addition . Within ten minutes of tomorrow night 's episode , fans will see aidan turner 's dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . Last week she was barely showing -- but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show 's latest addition .
Last week she was barely showing -- but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show 's latest addition . Within ten minutes of tomorrow night 's episode , fans will see aidan turner 's dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . As sunday night 's latest heartthrob , women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding cornish gentleman -- but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market .
Last week she was barely showing -- but Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother . Within ten minutes of tomorrow night 's episode , fans will see Aidan Turner 's dashing Ross gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . What is rather less convincing is the timeline of the pregnancy .
Demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show ’ s latest addition . Fans will see aidan turner ’ s dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . Sunday night ’ s latest heartthrob , women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding cornish gentleman .
Fans will see aidan turner 's new baby daughter as sunday night 's episode . Last week , demelza poldark is now the mother to the show 's tv episode . Demelza poldark has been eight months pregnant .
Fans will see aidan turner 's dashing ross poldark at his new baby daughter . Demelza poldark is the proud mother to the show 's latest addition . He may have married his red-headed kitchen maid out of duty . Women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the cornish gentleman .
Foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from the premier league . Nigel pearson has urged leicester to keep their cool and ignore their relegation rivals . Jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion on saturday . The foxes host the foxes at west brom in sunday .
Leicester host swansea on saturday just three points from safety . Last week 's 3-2 win at west brom handed them a survival lifeline . Jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion .
Jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion on saturday to improve his side 's slim chance of premier league survival . The foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from safety in the barclays premier league after back-to-back wins . Boss nigel pearson has urged leicester to keep their cool and ignore their relegation rivals .
The foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from safety . Jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion . Pearson has urged his players to focus on their own job .
Jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion on saturday . The foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from safety . Last week 's 3-2 win at west brom handed them a survival lifeline , although they remain bottom of the table .
Nigel pearson has urged leicester to keep their cool and ignore their relegation rivals . The foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from safety in the barclays premier league . Jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west brom on saturday .
The foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from safety in the barclays premier league after back - to - back wins . Last week 's 3 - 2 win at west brom handed them a survival lifeline , although they remain bottom of the table . Jamie vardy scored an injury - time winner against west bromwich albion on saturday to improve his side 's slim chance of premier league survival
Leicester city host swansea city in the premier league on saturday . The foxes are just three points from premier league safety . Nigel pearson has urged his players to focus on their own job .
Pearson has urged his players to stay focused on their own job and not worry about their relegation rivals during run-in 'We need to take our game to the next level and try and win the game . ' Pearson has also urged his players to stay focused on their own job and not worry about their relegation rivals during run-in . 'We 've got to take the focus off the other teams , ' he said .
Leicester city host swansea city in the premier league on saturday . The foxes are just three points from safety after back-to-back wins . Nigel pearson has urged his players to ignore their relegation rivals .
Boss nigel pearson has urged leicester to keep their cool and ignore their relegation rivals . The foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from safety in the barclays premier league after back-to-back wins . Last week 's 3-2 win at west brom handed them a survival lifeline , although they remain bottom of the table .
Boss nigel pearson has urged leicester to keep their cool and ignore their relegation rivals . The foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from safety in the barclays premier league after back-to-back wins . Last week 's 3-2 win at west brom handed them a survival lifeline , although they remain bottom of the table .
Leicester are just three points from safety after back-to-back wins . Nigel Pearson has urged his players to ignore their relegation rivals . The Foxes host Swansea on Saturday in the Premier League . Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner against West Brom on Saturday .
Nigel pearson has urged leicester to keep their cool and ignore their relegation rivals . The foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from safety in the barclays premier league after back-to-back wins . Last week 's 3-2 win at west brom handed them a survival lifeline .
Foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from safety . Jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion . Leicester manager nigel pearson has urged leicester to keep their cool .
Jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion . Swansea host swansea on saturday just three points from safety . West brom are bottom of the table . Pearson wants his side to remain focused on their own jobs .
North pacific gray whale has earned a spot in the record for the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded . The whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles from the guinness worlds records . The record was set by a whale whale whale that swam a mere 10,190-mile round trip . The north coast of mexico is russian for `` barbara `` `` .
A north pacific gray whale has earned a spot in the record books after completing the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded . The whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles ( 22,500 kilometers ) , according to a release from oregon state university . Varvara 's journey surpassed a record listed on the guinness worlds records website .
( cnn ) a north pacific gray whale has earned a spot in the record books after completing the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded . The whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles ( 22,500 kilometers ) , according to a release from oregon state university , whose scientists helped conduct the whale-tracking study . Varvara , which is russian for `` barbara , `` left her primary feeding ground off russia 's sakhalin island to cross the pacific ocean and down the west coast of the united states to baja , mexico . Fourth baby orca born this season .
The whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles ( 22,500 kilometers ) . Varvara 's journey surpassed a record listed on the guinness worlds records website . It said the previous record was set by a humpback whale that swam a mere 10,190-mile round trip between the `` warm breeding waters near the equator `` .
North pacific gray whale swam nearly 14,000 miles ( 22,500 kilometers ) . Varvara , which is russian for `` barbara , `` left her primary feeding ground off russia 's sakhalin island . Varvara 's journey surpassed a record listed on the guinness worlds records website .
North pacific gray whale has earned a spot in the record books . The whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles ( 22,500 kilometers ) . Varvara , which is russian for `` barbara , `` left her primary feeding ground off russia .
( cnn ) a north pacific gray whale has earned a spot in the record books after completing the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded . The whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles ( 22,500 kilometers ) , according to a release from oregon state university , whose scientists helped conduct the whale - tracking study . Varvara 's journey surpassed a record listed on the guinness worlds records website .
Varvara , a north pacific gray whale , swam nearly 14,000 miles . She left her primary feeding ground off russia 's sakhalin island .
Varvara traveled 14,000 miles across the Pacific Ocean . ( Hat tip : The Daily Beast )
The north pacific gray whale swam nearly 14,000 miles . Varvara 's journey surpassed a record listed on the guinness worlds records website . During her 14,000-mile journey , varvara visited `` three major breeding areas for eastern gray whales ''
The whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles ( 22,500 kilometers ) , according to a release from oregon state university , whose scientists helped conduct the whale-tracking study . Varvara , which is russian for `` barbara , `` left her primary feeding ground off russia 's sakhalin island to cross the pacific ocean and down the west coast of the united states to baja , mexico . Fourth baby orca born this season .
( cnn ) a north pacific gray whale has earned a spot in the record books after completing the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded . The whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles ( 22,500 kilometers ) , according to a release from oregon state university , whose scientists helped conduct the whale-tracking study . Varvara , which is russian for `` barbara , `` left her primary feeding ground off russia 's sakhalin island to cross the pacific ocean and down the west coast of the united states to baja , mexico .
A North Pacific gray whale completes the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded . The whale , named Varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles ( 22,500 kilometers ) She left her primary feeding ground off Russia 's Sakhalin Island to cross the Pacific Ocean .
The whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles ( 22,500 kilometers ) . It said the previous record was set by a humpback whale that swam a mere 10,190-mile round trip between the `` warm breeding waters of the arctic and antarctic regions `` .
A north pacific gray whale swam nearly 14,000 miles from oregon state university . Varvara 's journey surpassed a record listed on the guinness worlds records . The whale is russian for `` barbara , `` which is set by a humpback whale .
North pacific gray whale has earned a spot in the record books . The whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles ( 22,500 kilometers ) . Varvara 's journey surpassed a record listed on the guinness worlds records website . Varvara visited `` three major breeding areas for eastern gray whales ``
The extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places . It is believed to be related to a landslide nearby , which has risen to 50ft above sea level , measures roughly 1,000 - 1,640 ft long , and epicentre wide . The mass mass is expected to be a landslide in hokkaido island . The area of rausu is on hokkaido island , japan 's hokkaido regional development bureau .
Extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places , exposing what used to be the ocean floor . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air .
Residents on the east coast of japan 's hokkaido island had an unexpected change of scenery this morning after 1,000 ft of seabed was forced to the surface overnight . The extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places , exposing what used to be the ocean floor . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air .
The extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air . The mass , which has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level , measures roughly 1,000 - 1,640 ft long , and 100ft wide .
The extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen from the sea surface . Melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air . The mass , which has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level , measures roughly 1,000 - 1,640 ft long , and 100ft wide .
The extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places , exposing what used to be the ocean floor . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air .
Residents on the east coast of japan 's hokkaido island had an unexpected change of scenery this morning after 1,000ft of seabed was forced to the surface overnight . The extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places , exposing what used to be the ocean floor . The mass , which has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level , measures roughly 1,000 - 1,640ft long , and 100ft wide , a town official said .
The extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop . The mass , which has risen some 50ft above sea level , measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long , and 100ft wide .
A landslide in the area of Rausu caused an extra stretch of coastline to rise , and residents are not sure why it 's happening 'It 's a bit like the tsunami from the 2011 Tohoku earthquake , ' said Tanaka . 'The ground is soft and the sea is not quite as deep as before , so we ca n't say exactly when the landslide happened . ' The new stretch of coastline came as a complete surprise to the locals , as there was no indication of the
Stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby . Melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air .
Residents on the east coast of japan 's hokkaido island had an unexpected change of scenery this morning after 1,000 ft of seabed was forced to the surface overnight . The extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places , exposing what used to be the ocean floor . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air .
Residents on the east coast of japan 's hokkaido island had an unexpected change of scenery this morning after 1,000 ft of seabed was forced to the surface overnight . The extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places , exposing what used to be the ocean floor . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air .
1,000 ft of seabed was forced to the surface on Shiretoko Peninsula near the town of Rausu . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby . melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air .
The extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air . The mass , which has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level , measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long , and 100ft wide , a town official said .
The extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop . Residents on hokkaido island say they are no tremors .
A man stands on a clump of land on hokkaido island , japan . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby . The mass has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level , measures roughly 1,000 - 1,640 ft long , and 100ft wide . The extra stretch of coastline has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface .
Gregory van der wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer . The dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc . The parisians continue to be linked with a move to french champions . Dani alves is being linked to move to the french champions league .
Gregory van der wiel has denied claims he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer . The dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc . But van der wiel insists he 's happy in paris and is making no plans to leave the ligue 1 side .
Gregory van der wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer and instead reiterated his ` love ' for the club . But van der wiel insists he 's happy in paris and is making no plans to leave the ligue 1 side . Dani alves ( left ) is being linked with a move to the french champions and van der wiel could be sold .
Gregory van der wiel says he 's not interested in leaving paris saint-germain . But van der wiel insists he 's happy in paris and wants to sign a new contract . The dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc .
Gregory van der wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer . The dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc after the decision to drop the full back for the champions league clash against chelsea . Van der wiel insists he 's happy in paris and is making no plans to leave the ligue 1 side .
Gregory van der wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer and instead reiterated his ` love ' for the club . The dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc after the decision to drop the full back for the champions league clash against chelsea .
Gregory van der wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave paris saint - germain in the summer and instead reiterated his ' love ' for the club . The dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc after the decision to drop the full back for the champions league clash against chelsea . But van der wiel insists he 's happy in paris and is making no plans to leave the ligue 1 side .
Gregory van der wiel insists he 's happy at paris saint-germain . The dutch full back had a recent spat with manager laurent blanc . Psg are being linked with barcelona star dani alves .
Gregory van der Wiel is happy at PSG and is making no plans to leave PSG have a £250million release clause in the player 's contract and he has been linked with a move to the Nou Camp .
Gregory van der wiel is happy at paris saint-germain and wants to stay . The full back had a spat with manager laurent blanc after he was dropped . The dutchman is being linked with a move to barcelona 's dani alves .
Gregory van der wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer and instead reiterated his ` love ' for the club . The dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc after the decision to drop the full back for the champions league clash against chelsea . But van der wiel insists he 's happy in paris and is making no plans to leave the ligue 1 side .
Gregory van der wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer and instead reiterated his ` love ' for the club . The dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc after the decision to drop the full back for the champions league clash against chelsea . But van der wiel insists he 's happy in paris and is making no plans to leave the ligue 1 side .
Gregory van der Wiel has been linked with a move away from Paris Saint-Germain . The full back had a recent spat with manager Laurent Blanc . But the Dutchman says he 's not interested in leaving in the summer . Click here for more PSG news .
Gregory van der wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer . The dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc after the decision to drop the full back for the champions league clash . Van der wiel insists he 's not interested in leaving paris saint-germain in the summer .
Gregory van der wiel has denied claims he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer and instead reiterated his ` love ' for the club . The dutchman says he 's not interested in leaving the ligue 1 side . Dani alves is being linked with a move to the french champions .
Gregory van der wiel says he 's not interested in leaving psg . The dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc . Van der wiel insists he 's happy in paris . Van der wiel has denied claims he is set to leave paris saint-germain . The parisians continue to be linked with barcelona star dani alves .
Carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus . The former manchester city striker has been linked to boca juniors in argentina . The argentina international joined boca 's youth academy in 1996 . He is on course to win a second serie a title with the old lady . The serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season .
Carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus . Former manchester city striker 's deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season . Tevez is on course to win a second serie a title with the old lady and still has a shot at european glory .
Carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus to complete a return to his former club boca juniors in argentina . The former manchester city striker 's deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season but he has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer . Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the 31-year-old , but club president daniel angelici has stressed that tevez must terminate his contract with the italians first .
Carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus to complete a return to his former club boca juniors . The former manchester city striker 's deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season . Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the 31-year-old , but he has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer .
Carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus to complete a return to his former club boca juniors in argentina . The former manchester city striker 's deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season but he has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer . Tevez is on course to win a second serie a title with the old lady and still has a shot at european glory .
Carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus to complete a return to his former club boca juniors in argentina . The former manchester city striker 's deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season . Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the 31-year-old , but club president daniel angelici has stressed that tevez must terminate his contract with the italians first .
Carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus to complete a return to his former club boca juniors in argentina . The former manchester city striker 's deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season but he has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer . Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the 31 - year - old , but club president daniel angelici has stressed that tevez must terminate his contract with the italians first .
Carlos tevez has told juventus he wants to leave the club this summer . The argentina striker 's contract does not expire until the end of next season . Boca juniors have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for tevez . Club president daniel angelici has stressed tevez must terminate his contract with serie a champions juventus first .
Carlos Tevez is leaving Juventus to join Boca Juniors in Argentina .
Juventus striker carlos tevez has told the club he wants to leave this summer . Boca juniors have confirmed they are close to sealing a deal for the striker . But club president daniel angelici has stressed tevez must terminate his contract with juventus first .
Carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus to complete a return to his former club boca juniors in argentina . Carlos tevez has shocked juventus by suggesting he wants to leave the club this summer . Carlos tevez 17 .
Carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus to complete a return to his former club boca juniors in argentina . The former manchester city striker 's deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season but he has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer . Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the 31-year-old , but club president daniel angelici has stressed that tevez must terminate his contract with the italians first .
Carlos Tevez has told Juventus he wants to leave the club this summer . The 31-year-old wants to return to his first club Boca Juniors in Argentina . Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the striker . But club president Daniel Angelici has stressed Tevez must terminate his contract with Juventus first .
Carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus to complete a return to his former club boca juniors in argentina . The former manchester city striker 's deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season but he has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer . Tevez is on course to win a second serie a title with the old lady and still has a shot at european glory .
Carlos tevez has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer . Former manchester city striker is on course to win a serie a title with the old lady . Club president daniel angelici believes tevez must terminate his contract with juventus .
Tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus . The former manchester city striker has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer . Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the 31-year-old . Tevez is on course to win a second serie a title with the old lady . Carlos tevez has shocked juventus by suggesting he wants to leave .
Bayern munich manager pep guardiola 's underwear was on show . Porto beat 5-0 at the allianz arena on tuesday night . The spanish tactician 's underwear is on show after the incident . The bayern beat porto in the champions league on tuesday .
Bayern munich manager pep guardiola ripped a hole during the champions league match in germany . Bayern munich manager pep guardiola was left with a hole in his trousers . Bayern 's european rivals will be running scared after their outstanding display .
Bayern munich manager pep guardiola ripped a hole during the champions league match in germany . Guardiola 's underwear were on show after the bayern boss managed to rip a small hole in his trousers . Bayern munich celebrate at the final whistle after booking a place in the semi-finals of the champions league .
Porto 's defence was not the only thing to be ripped apart at the allianz arena on tuesday night as a jubilant bayern munich manager . Guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his grey garments during an incredibly exciting night for bayern , who led their opponents 5-0 at half-time . Bayern munich manager pep guardiola ripped a hole during the champions league match in germany .
Porto 's defence was not the only thing to be ripped apart at the allianz arena on tuesday night as a jubilant bayern munich manager pep guardiola was left with a hole in his trousers . Guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his grey garments during an incredibly exciting night for bayern , who led their opponents 5-0 at half-time . The spanish tactician 's underwear was on show after the incident , and he joked after the champions league clash : ` i 'll have to buy new ones for the next match '
Porto 's defence was not the only thing to be ripped apart at the allianz arena on tuesday night as a jubilant bayern munich manager pep guardiola was left with a hole in his trousers . Guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his grey garments during an incredibly exciting night for bayern , who led their opponents 5-0 at half-time . The spanish tactician 's underwear was on show after the incident .
Porto 's defence was not the only thing to be ripped apart at the allianz arena on tuesday night as a jubilant bayern munich manager pep guardiola was left with a hole in his trousers . The spanish tactician 's underwear was on show after the incident , and he joked after the champions league clash : ' i 'll have to buy new ones for the next match . ' Bayern munich manager pep guardiola ripped a hole during the champions league match in germany
Bayern munich beat porto 6-1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night . Pep guardiola ripped a hole in his left trouser leg during the champions league quarter-final clash . The bayern boss joked : ' i 'll have to buy new ones for the next match ' .
Pep Guardiola 's trousers were ripped after a jubilant Bayern Munich victory over Porto Porto 's manager , Jorge Jesus , was left with a hole in his trousers after his side 's 2-1 defeat at the Allianz Arena Porto boss , Jorge Jesus , was left with a hole in his trousers after his side 's 2-1 defeat at the Allianz Arena
Bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league on tuesday night . Pep guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during the game in germany . The bayern boss joked afterwards : ' i 'll have to buy new ones for the next match ' thiago alcantara , jerome boateng , thomas muller , xabi alonso and a brace from robert lewandowski scored for bayern .
Porto 's defence was not the only thing to be ripped apart at the allianz arena on tuesday night as a jubilant bayern munich manager pep guardiola was left with a hole in his trousers . ' Bayern munich manager pep guardiola ripped a hole during the champions league match in germany . Guardiola 's underwear were on show after the bayern boss managed to rip a small hole in his trousers .
Porto 's defence was not the only thing to be ripped apart at the allianz arena on tuesday night as a jubilant bayern munich manager pep guardiola was left with a hole in his trousers . Guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his grey garments during an incredibly exciting night for bayern , who led their opponents 5-0 at half-time . The spanish tactician 's underwear was on show after the incident , and he joked after the champions league clash : ` i 'll have to buy new ones for the next match . '
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night . Pep Guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his trousers . The Bayern boss joked : ` I 'll have to buy new ones for the next match ' Click here for more Bayern Munich news .
Porto 's defence was not the only thing to be ripped apart at the allianz arena on tuesday night . Pep guardiola was left with a hole in his trousers . Guardiola 's underwear was on show after the incident , and he joked after the champions league clash .
Bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league on tuesday . Pep guardiola 's underwear was on show after the incident . Guardiola led their side 5-0 at half-time .
Porto 's defence was not the only thing to be ripped apart at the allianz arena . Bayern munich manager pep guardiola ripped a hole during champions league match . Guardiola 's underwear were on show after bayern boss managed to rip a small hole in his trousers . Bayern managed to book a place in the champions league semi-finals .
Three vehicles collided on brisbane valley highway on wednesday afternoon . Three vehicles were taken to ipswich hospital in brisbane . The three were involved in a crash crash in brisbane , brisbane . Three people were including four children , have been taken to hospital with minor injuries . Three car pileup happened at the brisbane valley west of fernvale . A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old boy suffered from abdominal pain . The two were airlifted to hospital and airlifted a number of patients to hospital .
Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale . Three car pileup happened at on the brisbane valley highway , near fernvale . Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to ipswich hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment .
Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale , on wednesday afternoon . A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter . They 've been taken to the princess alexandra hospital in brisbane . Shortly after , a 27-year-old woman with arm injuries and a six-year-old girl suffering from abdominal pain were also being flown out . The three car pileup happened at on the brisbane valley highway , near fernvale .
Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale , on wednesday afternoon . The 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old boy with chest pain were also being flown out . Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to ipswich hospital with minor injuries .
Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , on wednesday afternoon . A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter . The three car pileup happened at on the brisbane valley highway , near fernvale . Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to the princess alexandra hospital in brisbane .
Ten people , including four children , have been involved in a multi-vehicle crash in brisbane 's west . Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale , on wednesday afternoon . A 27-year-old woman with arm injuries and a six-year-old girl suffering from abdominal pain were also being flown out by rescue helicopter .
Ten people , including four children , have been involved in a multi-vehicle crash in brisbane 's west . Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale , on wednesday afternoon . A 40 - year - old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five - year - old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter . They 've been taken to the princess alexandra hospital in brisbane .
Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale , on wednesday afternoon . A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter . Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to ipswich hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment .
One person was trapped inside their car . The helicopter landed at the scene and airlifted a number of patients to hospital . © Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2018
Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale . A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter . They 've been taken to the princess alexandra hospital in brisbane . Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to ipswich hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment .
Ten people , including four children , have been involved in a multi-vehicle crash in brisbane 's west . Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale , on wednesday afternoon . A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter .
Ten people , including four children , have been involved in a multi-vehicle crash in brisbane 's west . Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale , on wednesday afternoon . A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter .
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway , 2 km south of Fernvale , on Wednesday afternoon . A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries was the first patient flown out by rescue helicopter . Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment .
Ten people , including four children , have been involved in a multi-vehicle crash in brisbane 's west . Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale , on wednesday afternoon .
Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale . A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old girl suffering from abdominal pain were also being flown out . A man has also suffered hand lacerations and two females escaped injuries .
Ten people have been involved in a multi-vehicle crash in brisbane 's west . Three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway on wednesday afternoon . Six others were taken to ipswich hospital with minor injuries . Three car pileup happened at brisbane valley highway near fernvale .
Arsenal midfielder mesut ozil has scored four goals in the premier league . The 26-year-old is the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges from # 299 to # 13,500 . Arsenal midfielder is the to arsenal 's fa cup semi-final win over reading ray parlour believes the club 's fitness record is the one thing .
Mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch . The 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in price from # 299 to # 13,500 . Ozil compared his watch to tv character michael knight in the hit action show knight rider . Ozil appears in awe of the device - which will be released on general sale on friday .
The 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in price from # 299 to # 13,500 - as he visited an apple store on thursday afternoon . Arsenal midfielder mesut ozil ( right ) took to instagram to show off his new apple watch on thursday . Ozil compared his watch to tv character michael knight in the hit action show knight rider .
Arsenal playmaker mesut ozil can now countdown the minutes until the 4pm encounter on sunday . The 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in price from # 299 to # 13,500 - as he visited an apple store on thursday afternoon . Ozil compared his watch to tv character michael knight from the hit action show knight rider .
Mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch . The 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges from # 299 to # 13,500 - as he visited an apple store on thursday afternoon . Ozil compared his watch to michael knight in the hit action show knight rider .
Mesut ozil can now countdown the minutes until the 4pm encounter on sunday with his brand new apple watch . The 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in price from # 299 to # 13,500 . He visited an apple store on thursday afternoon . Ozil took to instagram to share his joy at his latest gift , comparing his gadget to former tv character michael knight from the hit action show knight rider .
Arsenal playmaker mesut ozil can now countdown the minutes until the 4pm encounter on sunday with his brand new apple watch . The 26 - year - old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in price from £ 299 to £ 13,500 - as he visited an apple store on thursday afternoon . Arsenal midfielder mesut ozil ( right ) took to instagram to show off his new apple watch on thursday
Arsenal host chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday ( 4pm kick-off ) mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch . The 26-year-old compared his gadget to michael knight from knight rider . Click here for all the latest arsenal news .
Parlour says the 23-year-old 's fitness record is the one thing holding Wilshere back from reaching his undoubted potential in the Arsenal midfield 'He 's a very good player , he 's a very technically gifted player and he 's got a great attitude . 'He 's got a great attitude , a great work ethic , he 's a very good player . I think he 's got a great future .
Mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch . The arsenal midfielder compared the timepiece to michael knight . Ozil is expected to start for arsenal against chelsea on sunday . Ray parlour has backed jack wilshere to be the future of the club .
Arsenal playmaker mesut ozil can now countdown the minutes until the 4pm encounter on sunday with his brand new apple watch . The 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in price from # 299 to # 13,500 - as he visited an apple store on thursday afternoon . Ozil compared his watch to tv character michael knight in the hit action show knight rider .
It 's crunch time this weekend at the top of the premier league as second-placed arsenal host table toppers chelsea - and it appears one star of the former 's team can not wait for the ever-nearing kick-off . Arsenal playmaker mesut ozil can now countdown the minutes until the 4pm encounter on sunday with his brand new apple watch . The 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in price from # 299 to # 13,500 - as he visited an apple store on thursday afternoon .
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday at 4 pm . Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new Apple Watch . The 26-year-old compared his gadget to TV character Michael Knight . Jack Wilshere is expected to start for the Gunners at the Emirates .
Arsenal midfielder mesut ozil can not wait for the ever-nearing kick-off . The 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece as he visited an apple store on thursday afternoon . Ozil compared his watch to tv character michael knight from the hit action show knight rider . Wilshere was on the bench for arsenal 's fa cup semi-final against reading .
Mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch on thursday . The 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in # 299 . Ozil was on the bench for arsenal 's fa cup semi-final against reading .
Mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch . Mesut ozil can now countdown the minutes until the 4pm encounter . The 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in price from # 299 to # 13,500 . The midfielder has scored four goals in 25 matches for the gunners . Ozil compared his watch to tv character michael knight in the hit action show knight rider .
Mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of manchester derby on sunday . City captain vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during the euro 2016 qualifier . The 40-year-old has only sent off two players from united and city this season .
Mark clattenburg named to take charge of manchester derby on sunday . City captain vincent kompany dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's 1-0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 , meaning he is now suspended for the match against wales in june . Mark clattenburg will officiate the manchester derby between united and city at old trafford .
City captain vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's narrow 1-0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 , meaning he is now suspended for the match against wales in june . Referee mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby on sunday , despite having sent off three players from united and city this season . West ham 1-1 manchester united .
Referee mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby on sunday . City captain vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's narrow euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 . Clattenburg has been accused of favouring louis van gaal 's side in the past .
Referee mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby . City captain vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's narrow 1-0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 . Clattenburg has been accused of favouring louis van gaal 's side .
Referee mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby on sunday . City captain vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's narrow 1-0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 . Clattenburg has been accused of favouring louis van gaal 's side in the past .
Referee mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby on sunday , despite having sent off three players from united and city this season . City captain vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's narrow 1 - 0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 , meaning he is now suspended for the match against wales in june . Mark clattenburg will officiate the manchester derby between united and city at old trafford
Mark clattenburg will take charge of the manchester derby on sunday . The english referee sent off vincent kompany for belgium against israel . Tyler blackcett and luke shaw have also been sent off for united . Clattenburg will be joined by assistants simon beck and jake collin . Jonathan moss will serve as the fourth official at old trafford .
United 's win over Liverpool was their first league win since the 3-0 win over Leicester on March 31 City 's win over West Ham was their first league win since the 3-0 win over Chelsea on March 31 Manchester City 's win over West Ham was their first league win since the 3-0 win over Chelsea on March 31 Manuel Pellegrini 's side are top of the Premier League table , four points clear of Chelsea , who have a game
Mark clattenburg will take charge of the manchester derby on sunday . English referee has sent off three players from united and city this season . Vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences for belgium . Tyler blackcett and luke shaw have also been sent off by clattenburg .
Referee mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby on sunday , despite having sent off three players from united and city this season . City captain vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's narrow 1-0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 , meaning he is now suspended for the match against wales in june . Mark clattenburg will officiate the manchester derby between united and city at old trafford .
Referee mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby on sunday , despite having sent off three players from united and city this season . City captain vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's narrow 1-0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 , meaning he is now suspended for the match against wales in june . And , although clattenburg has been accused of favouring louis van gaal 's side in the past , it 's worth noting that the 40-year-old has only sent off two players season in the premier league this season and both have been from united ; tyler blackcett in the 5-3 defeat by leicester and luke shaw in the 1-1 draw with west ham .
Referee Mark Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday . The 40-year-old has sent off three players from United and City this season . Vincent Kompany was sent off during Belgium 's 1-0 defeat of Israel .
Referee mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby . English referee was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's 1-0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 . Clattenburg has been accused of favouring louis van gaal 's side .
Mark clattenburg named to take charge of manchester derby on sunday . English referee sent off three players from united and city this season . Clattenburg has been accused of favouring louis van gaal 's side .
Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby on sunday . Vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences against wales . Mark clattenburg will officiate the derby between united and city . The 40-year-old has been accused of favouring louis van gaal 's side .
Bob katter said the government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence . He says he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past . He said he was a ` little black puppet on a string ' . Mr gordon was forced to quit the labor party last week in the wake of being accused of violence . The party 's website said mr gordon has been accused of attacking the queensland government .
Bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row after accusing the queensland government of believing embattled mp billy gordon was ' a little black puppet on a string ' mr katter , federal mp for kennedy , is of lebanese descent . He said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past , and that he sympathised with mr gordon 's position .
Outspoken mp bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row after accusing the queensland government of believing embattled mp billy gordon was ' a little black puppet on a string ' . In a bizarre statement on his party 's website , mr katter said the government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence - and later admitted to his criminal past . Mr katter , federal mp for kennedy , is of lebanese descent . He said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past , and that he sympathised with mr gordon 's position .
Bob katter said the government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence . Mr katter , federal mp for kennedy , is of lebanese descent . He said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past , and that he sympathised with mr gordon 's position .
Outspoken mp bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row after accusing the queensland government of believing embattled mp billy gordon was ' a little black puppet on a string ' in a bizarre statement on his party 's website . Mr katter said the government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence - and later admitted to his criminal past . Mr katter , federal mp for kennedy , is of lebanese descent .
Bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row after accusing queensland government of believing embattled mp billy gordon was ' a little black puppet on a string ' mr katter said the government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence . Mr gordon was forced to quit the queensland labor party last week in the wake of being accused of domestic violence .
Outspoken mp bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row after accusing the queensland government of believing embattled mp billy gordon was ' a little black puppet on a string ' . In a bizarre statement on his party 's website , mr katter said the government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence - and later admitted to his criminal past . Mr katter , federal mp for kennedy , is of lebanese descent .
Federal mp bob katter has accused the queensland government of believing embattled mp billy gordon would quit . Mr katter , who is of lebanese descent , said he sympathised with mr gordon 's position . Mr gordon was forced to quit the queensland labor party last week in the wake of being accused of domestic violence . He announced on wednesday he will remain in the queensland parliament as an independent .
Bob Katter said he was 'black puppet on a string ' and the lefty loons stayed silent . What if Abbott had said it ? Mr Katter 's statement is a bizarre response to a bizarre situation .
Bob katter , federal mp for kennedy , released a statement on his party 's website . He accused the queensland government of believing embattled mp billy gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence . The statement has sparked criticism on social media , with users questioning his terminology . Mr katter has since defended the statement , saying he used the term black puppet 'because i 'm dark and i come from cloncurry '
Outspoken mp bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row after accusing the queensland government of believing embattled mp billy gordon was ' a little black puppet on a string ' . In a bizarre statement on his party 's website , mr katter said the government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence - and later admitted to his criminal past . Mr katter , federal mp for kennedy , is of lebanese descent .
Outspoken mp bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row after accusing the queensland government of believing embattled mp billy gordon was ' a little black puppet on a string ' . In a bizarre statement on his party 's website , mr katter said the government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence - and later admitted to his criminal past . Mr katter , federal mp for kennedy , is of lebanese descent .
Federal MP Bob Katter released a bizarre statement on his party 's website . He accused the Queensland Government of thinking embattled MP Billy Gordon would quit after he was accused of domestic violence . Mr Katter , who is of Lebanese descent , said he sympathised with Mr Gordon 's position . The statement has sparked criticism on social media .
Bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row after accusing the queensland government of believing embattled mp billy gordon was ' a little black puppet on a string ' . Mr katter said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past , and that he sympathised with mr gordon 's position . Mr gordon was forced to quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence .
Queensland government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence . Federal mp bob katter said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties . Mr gordon was forced to quit the queensland labor party last week .
Outspoken mp bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row . Mr katter said he would quit after he was accused of domestic violence . He says he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties . Federal mp bob katter accusing queensland government of assuming billy gordon . Mr gordon was forced to quit the queensland labor party last week .
Dayna dobias , 19 , from downers , illinois , was born with cerebral palsy . She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . She says her motivation for creating the video was to highlight stereotypes of people over certain disability . She has created a video in which she dances do n't judge : people tend to think that because i have cerebral palsy i can not do anything and that i am so different from everyone else , when in reality i am pretty much just the same as everyone else ' .
Dayna dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy . She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . Her hope is that the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
Dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . A teenager from illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing . Confident : dayna has now taken up motivational speaking and has visited several schools in the chicago area .
Dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy . She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
Dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
Dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy . She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes .
A teenager from illinois is tackling her disability head - on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing . Dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
Dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
Dayna Dobias , 19 , from Downers Grove , Illinois , is attempting to raise awareness of her disability VIDEO : Dayna Dobias , 18 , from Downers Grove , Illinois , is trying to raise awareness of her disability She says she has been bullied at school and has been denied a job because of her disability . ' I 've been bullied for my disability and I 've been kicked out of school and I 've been told I 'm not really disabled , ' she said
Dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy . She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . Her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities . 'people tend to think that because i have cerebral palsy i can not do anything and that i am so different from everyone else , when in reality i am pretty much just the same as everyone else , ' she said .
A teenager from illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing . Dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
A teenager from illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing . Dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . ` i 've gotten bullied because of it and i get people all the time , staring and so it 's definitely made things difficult in my life , ' dayna told daily mail online .
Dayna Dobias , 19 , from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy . She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . ` I might do things a little bit differently than most people , but that does n't mean that I should be treated differently , ' she says .
Dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy . She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . Her hope is that the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
Dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities . ` i 've gotten bullied because of it and i get people all the time , ' she said .
She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . Teenager says her motivation for creating video was to counteract stereotypes . Dayna dobias , 18 , is hoping to change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television . Her hope is that the video not only entertains , but inspires others .
Orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in javier hernandez . Javier hernandez is linked with a move to orlando city . Mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise . The mls side are also keen on signing adrian heath . The mexico international will be a popular with orlando supporters .
Orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . The mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath . Orlando have a huge latin-american fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal .
Mls side orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . Southampton , stoke , west ham and everton are all interested with united willing to sell for around # 8million . The mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath .
Orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . The mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath . Hernandez would be a popular arrival with orlando supporters but eight european sides are also interested .
Mls side orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . The mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath . Orlando have a huge latin-american fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal . Hernandez has cut a frustrated figure during his loan spell at real madrid .
Orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . The mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath . Orlando have a big latin-american fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal .
Mls side orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . The mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida - based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath . Orlando have a huge latin - american fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal . Javier hernandez is linked with a move to orlando city after enduring a tough time on loan at real madrid
Mls side orlando city have made enquiries about signing javier hernandez . Hernandez has endured a tough time on loan at real madrid this season . Southampton , stoke , west ham and everton are also interested . Manchester united have made a revised contract offer to andreas pereira .
Javier Hernandez is in the final year of his contract at Real Madrid and is looking for a move away
Javier hernandez has been on loan at real madrid this season . Manchester united have made a revised contract offer to andreas pereira . Orlando city are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath .
Mls side orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . The mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath . Javier hernandez is linked with a move to orlando city after enduring a tough time on loan at real madrid .
Mls side orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . The mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath . Orlando have a huge latin-american fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal .
Javier Hernandez has had a tough time on loan at Real Madrid this season . Orlando City have a huge Latin-American fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal . United have made a revised contract offer to 19-year-old Andreas Pereira .
Mls side orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . The mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath . Orlando have a big latin-american fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal .
Javier hernandez is linked with a move to orlando city . The mls side are coached by former everton and adrian heath . Wolfsburg , ac milan , lazio and inter milan are keen on the 26-year-old .
Orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united . The mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise . Javier hernandez is linked with a move to orlando city . Orlando have a big latin-american fanbase and kaka is the captain of the mls side .
The driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles . The group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside . The car 's entire front end was torched , according to reports . The driver was not injured during the incident , but the car was completely ruined .
At least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at california gas station early on saturday morning . The driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15 am on saturday . The group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside .
The driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15 am on saturday . A gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at california gas station early on saturday morning and set the vehicle on fire . The group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside .
Driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15 am on saturday . The group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside . No one was injured during the fire , but the car 's entire front end was torched .
At least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at california gas station early on saturday morning and set the vehicle on fire . The driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15 am on saturday . The group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside .
Gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at california gas station early on saturday morning and set the vehicle on fire . The driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15 am on saturday .
A gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at california gas station early on saturday morning and set the vehicle on fire . The driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15am on saturday . The group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside .
At least three people poured gasoline on a car and lit it on fire at a south los angeles gas station early on saturday morning . The driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas . The group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside . The los angeles county fire department is investigating the incident as an arson and the suspects remain at large .
Three people poured gasoline on a car and lit it on fire while there were two passengers inside
The driver of the car said he got into an argument with the suspects . The group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze . The fire was lit after the suspects attempted to carjack the man . The los angeles county fire department is investigating the incident as an arson .
A gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at california gas station early on saturday morning and set the vehicle on fire . The driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15 am on saturday . The group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside .
A gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at california gas station early on saturday morning and set the vehicle on fire . The driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15 am on saturday . The group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside .
Gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at California gas station early on Saturday morning . The driver of the car said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in South Los Angeles . The group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside . No one was injured during the fire , but the car 's entire front end was torched .
At least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15am on saturday . The driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station early on saturday morning and set the vehicle on fire . The man 's grandmother said the fire was lit after the suspects attempted to carjack her grandson , abc 7 reported .
The driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles . The group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside . The man 's grandmother said the fire was lit after the suspects attempted to carjack her grandson .
At least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at california gas station early on saturday morning . The driver of the car was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles . The group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze . The man 's grandmother said the fire was lit after the suspects attempted to carjack her grandson .
The iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against charles manuel . Manuel signed an agreement last month . The exorcisms on patients has surrendered his license to practice and admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients . He 's received outstanding evaluation for patient satisfaction on healthgrades.com . He is also recommended that patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them . He can resume practicing chiropractic in the state .
The iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni . Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years . The agreement requires that manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license .
The iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni . Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years . The agreement requires that manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state .
The iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni . Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years .
The iowa board of chiropractic released a report detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni . Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years . The agreement requires that manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state .
The iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni . The agreement requires that manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state .
A southern iowa chiropractor accused of accepting sex as payment for his services and performing exorcisms on patients has surrendered his state license . The iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni . Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years . Patient satisfaction : a chiropractor in iowa has surrendered his license to practice and admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients .
Charles manuel , of lamoni , iowa , admitted to the iowa board of chiropractic that he bartered services for sex with some patients . Manuel also admitted to performing exorcisms on patients and recommending they stop taking medication he prescribed to them . Manuel agreed not to apply for reinstatement of his license for at least 10 years .
A chiropractor in Iowa has surrendered his license to practice and admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients . Nonetheless , he 's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com . Read more at the Des Moines Register .
Charles manuel , of lamoni , iowa , surrendered his state license to practice wednesday . The iowa board of chiropractic released a report detailing charges against manuel . Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years .
A southern iowa chiropractor accused of accepting sex as payment for his services and performing exorcisms on patients has surrendered his state license . The iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni . Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years .
A southern iowa chiropractor accused of accepting sex as payment for his services and performing exorcisms on patients has surrendered his state license . The iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni . Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years .
Charles Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years . The agreement requires that Manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state .
Iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni . Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years .
A chiropractor in iowa has surrendered his license to practice and admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients . Manuel also recommended that patients stop taking medication no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state . The disgraced chiropractor received a perfect five out of five stars in patient satisfaction .
The iowa board of chiropractic released a report detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni . Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement . The agreement requires that manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation . A chiropractor in iowa has surrendered his license to practice and admitted to swapping services for sex .
Russian fighter jet intercepted a u.s. reconnaissance plane in an `` unsafe `` manner `` . Pentagon says the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland . The russian jet flew within 100 feet of a rc-135u over the baltic sea of okhotsk in the western pacific . It was intercepted by a russian su-27 flanker . The united states is complaining about incident involving the incident .
Russian fighter jet intercepted a u.s. reconnaissance plane in an `` unsafe and unprofessional manner `` on tuesday , a u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su-27 flanker . The u.s. crew believed the russian pilot 's actions were `` unsafe and unprofessional due to the aggressive maneuvers it performed in close proximity to their aircraft and its high rate of speed , `` pentagon spokesman says .
On tuesday , a u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su-27 flanker . The pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland . ( cnn ) after a russian fighter jet intercepted a u.s. reconnaissance plane in an `` unsafe and unprofessional manner `` earlier this week , the united states is complaining to moscow about the incident . An official with the u.s. european command said the claim that the transponder was off was false .
A u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su-27 flanker . The incident occurred in international airspace north of poland . An official with the u.s. european command said the claim that the transponder was false .
A russian fighter jet intercepted a u.s. reconnaissance plane in an `` unsafe and unprofessional manner `` earlier this week , the united states is complaining to moscow about the incident . On tuesday , a u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su-27 flanker .
Russian fighter jet intercepted a u.s. reconnaissance plane in an `` unsafe and unprofessional manner `` earlier this week , the united states is complaining to moscow about the incident . The pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland . Russian state news agency sputnik reported the u.s. plane was flying toward the russian border with its transponder switched off .
( cnn ) after a russian fighter jet intercepted a u.s. reconnaissance plane in an `` unsafe and unprofessional manner `` earlier this week , the united states is complaining to moscow about the incident . On tuesday , a u.s. rc - 135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su - 27 flanker . The pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland .
A u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su-27 flanker . The u.s. crew believed the russian pilot 's actions were `` unsafe and unprofessional , '' the pentagon says .
The U.S. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker . The Pentagon said the Russian jet flew around the U.S. plane several times to identify it and get its tail number . Read more : http : //dailycaller.com/2017/10/29/the-u-s-is-complaining-about-a-russian-fighter-jet-interfering-with
A u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su-27 . The u.s. crew believed the russian pilot 's actions were `` unsafe and unprofessional ''
( cnn ) after a russian fighter jet intercepted a u.s. reconnaissance plane in an `` unsafe and unprofessional manner `` earlier this week , the united states is complaining to moscow about the incident . On tuesday , a u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su-27 flanker . The pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland .
( cnn ) after a russian fighter jet intercepted a u.s. reconnaissance plane in an `` unsafe and unprofessional manner `` earlier this week , the united states is complaining to moscow about the incident . On tuesday , a u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su-27 flanker . The pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland .
A U.S. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker . The Pentagon says the Russian pilot 's actions were `` unsafe and unprofessional `` A year ago , a Russian jet flew within 100 feet of a RC - 135U .
The incident occurred in international airspace north of poland . The u.s. crew believed the russian pilot 's actions were `` unsafe and unprofessional due to the aggressive maneuvers it performed in close proximity to their aircraft and its high rate of speed `` .
A u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian flanker . The pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland . The u.s. crew believed the russian pilot 's actions were `` unsafe and unprofessional , `` pentagon says .
The united states is complaining to moscow about the incident . U.s. rc-135u was flying over baltic sea when it was intercepted by russian su-27 flanker . U.s. command says the transponder was off was false . The u.s. crew believed the pilot 's actions were `` unsafe and unprofessional due to the aggressive maneuvers ``
Fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot just days before president obama visited utah earlier this month . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . The agent 's bag , backpack , and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the march 27 theft . The man stole the rifle and a cable lock , and using the .
An fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle or a cable lock .
An fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot just days before president obama visited utah earlier this month . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites , according to police . An fbi agent 's sniper rifle ( similar to the one pictured ) was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot .
An fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle or a cable lock .
An fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle or a cable lock .
Fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot just days before president obama visited utah earlier this month . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle or a cable lock .
An fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot just days before president obama visited utah earlier this month . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ' secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites , according to police .
An fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot earlier this month . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was 'secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window and tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle .
An FBI agent 's sniper rifle was stolen from his car during a hotel parking lot robbery in Salt Lake City , Utah The FBI did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was 'secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle or a cable lock , and using the momentum from another vehicle to then break the case 's handle free from the lock . The rifle 's serial number has been entered into the national crime information computer .
An fbi agent 's sniper rifle ( similar to the one pictured ) was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot . An fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot just days before president obama visited utah earlier this month . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites , according to police .
An fbi agent 's sniper rifle ( similar to the one pictured ) was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot . An fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot just days before president obama visited utah earlier this month . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites , according to police .
The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites . Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle or a cable lock , and using the momentum from another vehicle . The agent 's gear bag , backpack , and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the March 27 theft .
An fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ' secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle or a cable lock , and using the momentum from another vehicle to then break the case 's handle free from the lock .
An fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot just days before president obama visited utah earlier this month . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle or a cable lock .
Fbi agent 's sniper was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel . The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe . Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right window . An fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel just days before president obama visited utah earlier the window frame of the agent 's car was pulled from the door .
Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of biting his neighbour terrence freebody 's head , slitting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on july 2012 . He was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse at the time of the horrendous murder . He allegedly killed his neighbour in 2012 , a jury has heard . The triple 0 calls it made ` almost certainly ' during the incident .
Luigi costa , 71 , accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home . Forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident .
Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on mugga way in red hill , canberra on july 2012 . The man who allegedly killed his neighbour was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse at the time of the horrendous murder in 2012 , a jury has heard . Forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event , the abc reported .
Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times . Forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident . Costa 's state of mind is critical to case , as . The jury can return a not guilty verdict if costa 's unstable mindset at time of the attack can be proven .
Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on mugga way in red hill , canberra on july 2012 . Forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack . Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of killing his elderly neighbour terrence freebody in the dining room of his home on mugga way , red hill , canberra in july 2012 .
Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on july 2012 . Forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident . Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of killing his elderly neighbour terrence freebody in the dining room of his home on mugga way in july 2012 .
The man who allegedly killed his neighbour was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse at the time of the horrendous murder in 2012 , a jury has heard . Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on mugga way in red hill , canberra on july 2012 .
Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times . Forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event . He told the court that the triple 0 calls which costa made 'almost certainly ' during the incident proved that his mood fluctuated from 'moment to moment '
Luigi Costa , 71 , is accused of murdering his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way , Red Hill , Canberra in July 2012 . The accused is on trial for the murder of his neighbour .
Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of killing his elderly neighbour terrence freebody in the dining room of his home on mugga way , red hill , canberra in july 2012 . Forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining . ' i believe that at the time of the killing mr costa 's brain was compromised by dementia and when you add to this alcohol that led to a confused state , ' he said .
The man who allegedly killed his neighbour was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse at the time of the horrendous murder in 2012 , a jury has heard . Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on mugga way in red hill , canberra on july 2012 . Costa 's state of mind is critical to case , as .
The man who allegedly killed his neighbour was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse at the time of the horrendous murder in 2012 , a jury has heard . Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on mugga way in red hill , canberra on july 2012 . Forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event , the abc reported .
Luigi Costa , 71 , is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way , Red Hill , Canberra in July 2012 . Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event . The jury can return a not guilty verdict if Costa 's unstable mindset at time of the attack can be proven .
Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of killing his elderly neighbour terrence freebody in the dining room of his home on mugga way in red hill , canberra in july 2012 . Forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event . Professor mullin told the court that the triple 0 calls which costa made ' almost certainly ' during the incident proved that his mood fluctuated from ' moment to moment ' .
Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on mugga way in red hill , canberra in july 2012 . Forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind abuse at the time of the attack . Costa feigned his failing memory .
Luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour 's head . Luigi costa , 71 , was accused of killing his neighbour terrence freebody . Forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident . Professor mullin told the court that the triple 0 calls costa made ` almost certainly ' the man was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse .
Ross barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against burnley . Roberto martinez has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league . The roberto martinez says barkley is in his rights to request penalty-taking .
Ross barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against burnley at goodison park . The untried barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick -- awarded for a foul by david jones on aaron lennon -- rather than leighton baines , who has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league . Baines scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league .
Everton manager roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco at the club after ross barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against burnley at goodison park . The untried barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick -- awarded for a foul by david jones on aaron lennon -- rather than leighton baines , who has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league . Baines ( left ) has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league .
Everton manager roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco at the club after ross barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against burnley . Martinez insisted barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties on saturday . Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league .
Roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco at the club after ross barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against burnley at goodison park . The untried barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick -- awarded for a foul by david jones on aaron lennon -- rather than leighton baines , who has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league . Martinez insisted barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties on saturday .
Everton manager roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco at the club after ross barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against burnley at goodison park . The untried barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick -- awarded for a foul by david jones on aaron lennon . Martinez insisted barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties on saturday .
Everton manager roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco at the club after ross barkley missed from the spot in their 1 - 0 win against burnley at goodison park . The untried barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick – awarded for a foul by david jones on aaron lennon – rather than leighton baines , who has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league . Martinez insisted barkley was within his rights to request penalty - taking duties on saturday .
Everton beat burnley 1-0 at goodison park on saturday . Ross barkley missed from the penalty spot in the 10th minute . Kevin mirallas took a penalty from leighton baines in january . Roberto martinez insisted barkley was within his rights to take it .
Everton 's Ross Barkley missed a penalty in the Premier League , but his replacement Leighton Baines had no problem taking the shot . Photo : PA
Everton defeated burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash on saturday . Ross barkley missed from the spot in the 10th minute at goodison park . The toffees boss roberto martinez was forced to defend his player . Leighton baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the league .
Everton manager roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco at the club after ross barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against burnley at goodison park . Barkley 's effort is saved by burnley goalkeeper tom heaton at goodison park . Martinez insisted barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties on saturday .
Everton manager roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco at the club after ross barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against burnley at goodison park . The untried barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick -- awarded for a foul by david jones on aaron lennon -- rather than leighton baines , who has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league . Although there was no dispute between the team-mates this time , it brought back memories of everton 's match against west brom in january when kevin mirallas grabbed the ball from baines to take a penalty - and missed .
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton 's 1-0 win against Burnley . The untried Barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick -- awarded for a foul by David Jones on Aaron Lennon . Leighton Baines , who has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League .
Everton manager roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco at the club after ross barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against burnley at goodison park . The untried barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick – awarded for a foul by david jones on aaron lennon – rather than leighton baines , who has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league . Barkley 's effort is saved by burnley goalkeeper tom heaton at goodison park .
Ross barkley has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league . Everton manager roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty at the club . The untried barkley took the 10th minute kick for a foul by david jones on aaron lennon .
Everton manager roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco . Leighton baines scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league . Ross barkley steps up to take a 10th minute penalty . Martinez insisted barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties .
Two guests found dead on a cruise ship in puerto rico . The cruise line said two guests were found dead in a murder-suicide . Holland america line says two passengers found dead at their stateroom on thursday . The ship left tampa , florida , on march 29 on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise .
Holland america line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom . The ship left tampa , florida , on march 29 on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise . It 's currently in san juan , puerto rico .
( cnn ) two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in puerto rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide , the cruise line said . Holland america line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms ryndam at 11:30 a.m. thursday . The ship left tampa , florida , on march 29 on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise . It 's currently in san juan , puerto rico .
Two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in puerto rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide . The ship left tampa , florida , on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise .
Two passengers were found dead on a cruise ship in puerto rico . The ship left tampa , florida , on march 29 on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise . It 's currently in san juan , puerto rico .
Two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in puerto rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide . Holland america line said two guests were found inside their stateroom on the ms ryndam at 11:30 a.m. thursday . `` the cabin was immediately secured , and the authorities were notified , including the fbi , `` holland said .
( cnn ) two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in puerto rico appear to have died in a murder - suicide , the cruise line said . Holland america line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms ryndam at 11:30 a.m. thursday . The ship left tampa , florida , on march 29 on a 14 - day southern caribbean cruise .
Two passengers were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms ryndam . The ship left tampa , florida , on march 29 on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise .
Two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in Puerto Rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide , the cruise line said . UPDATE : Holland America said the two passengers were found dead in their stateroom , but did not provide details . The ship left Tampa , Florida , on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise .
Fbi spokesman says authorities are on scene investigating . Two passengers were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms ryndam . The ship left tampa , florida , on march 29 on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise .
( cnn ) two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in puerto rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide , the cruise line said . Holland america line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms ryndam at 11:30 a.m. thursday . It 's currently in san juan , puerto rico .
( cnn ) two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in puerto rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide , the cruise line said . Holland america line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms ryndam at 11:30 a.m. thursday . `` the cabin was immediately secured , and the authorities were notified , including the fbi , `` holland america said .
Holland America Line says two guests were found dead inside their stateroom . The ship left Tampa , Florida , on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise . Puerto Rico Port Authority spokesman Efraín Santiago says cleaning staff discovered the deceased passengers .
Holland america line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ship . The ship left tampa , florida , on march 29 on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise . It 's currently in san juan , puerto rico .
Holland left tampa , florida , on march 29 . Two passengers found dead inside their stateroom on the ship . It 's in san juan , puerto rico .
Two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in puerto rico . Holland america line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom . The ship left tampa , florida , on march 29 . Fbi spokesman says authorities were on scene investigating .
Patrick kluivert has been winning start in world cup qualifiers . The caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf . Patrick kluivert 's team won 4-3 on aggregate at montserrat to win . The holland face 2-2 in a second-leg match at montserrat .
Patrick kluivert has made a winning start in world cup qualifying . The caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf for the 2018 tournament late tuesday . Curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate .
Curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate . Kluivert 's team won 2-1 on saturday in willemstad . Patrick kluivert has helped curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 world cup qualification . The caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf for the 2018 tournament late tuesday .
The caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf for the 2018 tournament late tuesday . Curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate . Kluivert has helped curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 world cup qualification .
Curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate . Patrick kluivert has helped curacao progress to the next stage . Kluivert 's mother is from curacao , was a world cup losing semi-finalist in 1998 .
Patrick kluivert has made a winning start in world cup qualifying as coach of curacao . The caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf for the 2018 tournament late tuesday . Patrick kluivert has helped curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 world cup qualification .
Former holland forward and assistant coach patrick kluivert has made a winning start in world cup qualifying as coach of curacao . The caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf for the 2018 tournament late tuesday . Curacao drew 2 - 2 in a second - leg match at montserrat to win 4 - 3 on aggregate . Kluivert 's team won 2 - 1 on saturday in willemstad .
Patrick kluivert 's curacao beat montserrat 4-3 on aggregate . Curacao face cuba in the next round of 2018 world cup qualification . Kluivert was assistant to louis van gaal at the 2014 world cup .
Kluivert 's side won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad .
Curacao have qualified for the second qualifying round of the 2018 world cup . Curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate . Patrick kluivert worked with louis van gaal at the 2014 world cup . Curacao face cuba in the next round on june 8 and 16 .
Former holland forward and assistant coach patrick kluivert has made a winning start in world cup qualifying as coach of curacao . The caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf for the 2018 tournament late tuesday . Kluivert 's team won 2-1 on saturday in willemstad .
Former holland forward and assistant coach patrick kluivert has made a winning start in world cup qualifying as coach of curacao . The caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf for the 2018 tournament late tuesday . Curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate .
Curacao beat Montserrat 4-3 on aggregate to progress to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 World Cup . Patrick Kluivert 's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad . The former Holland forward worked with Louis van Gaal last year .
Patrick kluivert has made a winning start in world cup qualifying as coach of curacao . The caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf . Patrick kluivert has helped curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 world cup qualification .
The caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf for the 2018 tournament late tuesday . Curacao drew 2-2 in a match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate . Louis van gaal scored in the 87th minute five minutes after a substitute .
Former holland forward patrick kluivert has made a winning start in world cup qualifying . The caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round . Curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate . The first-round encounter was headed to extra time on tuesday .
Foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the premier league . Esteban cambiasso says the foxes will be up there with the best . The foxes are also seven points behind leicester city . The argentinian midfielder has won a cup in european competitions .
Esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career but revealed that keeping leicester city in the premier league would be up there with the best . The foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining . Cambiasso refuses to give up and admits keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy .
Esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career but revealed that keeping leicester city in the premier league would be up there with the best . The foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining , knowing that time is running out to save themselves . Esteban cambiasso says that helping keep leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy .
Esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career but revealed that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy . The foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining . Cambiasso refuses to give up and admits that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy .
Leicester city are seven points adrift at the bottom of the table . The foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table . Esteban cambiasso refuses to give up and admits that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy .
Esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career but revealed that keeping leicester city in the premier league would be up there with the best . The foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining . Cambiasso says that helping keep leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy .
The foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining , knowing that time is running out to save themselves . Cambiasso refuses to give up and admits that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy . Esteban cambiasso says that helping keep leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy
Esteban cambiasso says keeping leicester in the premier league would be up there with the best achievements of his career . The foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining . Leicester face west ham united at upton park on saturday .
Esteban Cambiasso is confident Leicester can win the Premier League and keep themselves in the top flight .
Esteban cambiasso says keeping leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy . Leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table . Nigel pearson 's side face west ham united on saturday .
Esteban cambiasso says that helping keep leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy . ' The argentinian midfielder poses with the trophy after his team won the 2010 fifa club world cup . Argentine primera division .
Esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career but revealed that keeping leicester city in the premier league would be up there with the best . The foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining , knowing that time is running out to save themselves . Cambiasso refuses to give up and admits that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy .
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the Premier League will feel like winning a trophy . The Foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining . The Argentinian midfielder signed for the Foxes in the summer , leaving Italy after ten years and embarking on a new challenge in England .
Esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career . The foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the premier league . Cambiasso refuses to give up and admits that keeping leicester city up will feel like winning a trophy . Cambiasso had an illustrious career at inter milan .
Leicester city are seven points adrift at the bottom of the premier league . Esteban cambiasso signed for the foxes in the summer . The former inter milan star has won all the major european competitions .
Esteban cambiasso has won the major european competitions . Esteban cambiasso believes helping keep leicester in the premier league . Foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table . Click here for all the latest chelsea news . Cambiasso refuses to give up and admits that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy .
Woman named only as gemma , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie . Debbie is threatening to ban her from seeing children at all ages . She says her daughter 's constant drinking and partying is getting out of hand . She also claims her daughter , who is unemployed , stole an ipad from one of the children and sold it to fund her party lifestyle . She said her daughter is n't ` fit enough to have them ' . She has been banned from .
Gemma , 13 , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old . Debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all , after discovering her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she refuses to stop drinking and partying . Debbie says she is preparing to ban gemma from her home and from seeing the children .
The woman , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old . A 23-year-old mother-of-two is at risk of being banned from seeing her own children - because she refuses to stop drinking and partying . Now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all , after discovering her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she suspects her of stealing .
The woman , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old . Now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all , after discovering her daughter 's constant drinking and partying is getting out of hand . She admits to stealing money and other items from her mother in the past .
The woman , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old . Now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all , after discovering her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she refuses to stop drinking and partying .
Gemma , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old . Now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all , after discovering her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she suspects her of stealing .
A 23 - year - old mother - of - two is at risk of being banned from seeing her own children - because she refuses to stop drinking and partying . The woman , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52 - year - old mother debbie when they were four months old . Now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all , after discovering her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she suspects her of stealing .
Gemma , 23 , has two children under five by two different fathers . She handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie . Debbie says gemma 's constant drinking and partying is getting out of hand . She also claims gemma stole an ipad from one of the children and sold it .
Gemma , a mother-of-two , is at risk of being banned from seeing her own children because she refuses to stop drinking and partying ' I do n't want to be responsible for her having children , ' says Debbie . ' I do n't want to be involved with her . I 'm not going to let her do that to my children .
Woman , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two different fathers . Handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old . Now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all . Says she suspects the 23-year-old , who is unemployed , of stealing .
The woman , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old . Now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all , after discovering her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she suspects her of stealing . She does n't care .
A 23-year-old mother-of-two is at risk of being banned from seeing her own children - because she refuses to stop drinking and partying . The woman , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old . Now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all , after discovering her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she suspects her of stealing .
Gemma , 23 , has two children under five by two different fathers . Handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old . Now Debbie is threatening to ban Gemma from seeing the children at all . Says her daughter 's constant drinking and partying is getting out of hand .
Gemma , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two different fathers . Handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old . Debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all .
The woman , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two fathers and handed both infants over to her mother debbie when they were four months old . Now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all . Says her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she suspects her of stealing .
The woman has two children under five by two different fathers . Debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing children at all . She says her daughter 's constant drinking is getting out of hand . She also claims gemma , who is unemployed , stole an ipad from one of the children .
Eden hazard scored a 1-0 lead against manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday . The chelsea forward eden hazard has scored his side a 1-0 win over manchester united . John terry has scored a goals for manchester united in the build-up to eden hazard . The sky sports punditry team were convinced there had been a foul form .
Chelsea forward eden hazard scored give his side a 1-0 lead against manchester united at stamford bridge . Cesc fabregas collected the loose ball and released it to oscar before his back-heel sent it into the path of the oncoming hazard to slot home . Chelsea defender john terry had come in with a strong challenge from behind on radamel falcao .
Chelsea defender john terry comes in from behind with a strong challenge on radamel falcao . Chelsea captain john terry had come in with a strong challenge from behind on united striker radamel falcao which sent the colombian hurtling to the ground . Terry 's challenge on falcao came during the build-up to eden hazard 's opening goal for chelsea .
Chelsea captain john terry had come in with a strong challenge on radamel falcao which sent the colombian into the path of the oncoming hazard to slot home . The sky sports punditry team were convinced that there had been a foul in the build-up . Chelsea captain john terry comes in from behind with a strong challenge on radamel falcao .
Eden hazard scored a 1-0 lead against manchester united . Cesc fabregas and cesc fabregas to start of the scoring . Terry 's challenge on falcao came during the build-up to eden hazard 's opening goal for chelsea .
Eden hazard scored give his side a 1-0 lead against manchester united . Sky sports punditry team were convinced that there had been a foul in the build-up . Chelsea captain john terry had come in with a strong challenge from behind on united striker radamel falcao which sent the colombian hurtling to the ground .
After chelsea forward eden hazard had scored give his side a 1 - 0 lead against manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday , the sky sports punditry team were convinced that there had been a foul in the build - up . Chelsea captain john terry had come in with a strong challenge from behind on united striker radamel falcao which sent the colombian hurtling to the ground . Chelsea defender john terry comes in from behind with a strong challenge on radamel falcao
Chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . Eden hazard scored the opening goal for jose mourinho 's side . Sky sports pundits graeme souness , jamie redknapp and thierry henry all felt there should have been a foul in the build-up to hazard 's goal .
Terry 's strong challenge on Falcao was a foul and should not have been punished . The full story can be read here .
John terry came in from behind with a strong challenge on radamel falcao . Cesc fabregas collected the loose ball and sent it into the path of eden hazard . Thierry henry , jamie redknapp and graeme souness agree terry fouled falcao .
Chelsea captain john terry had come in with a strong challenge from behind on united striker radamel falcao which sent the colombian hurtling to the ground . Chelsea defender john terry comes in from behind with a strong challenge on radamel falcao . Terry 's challenge on falcao came during the build-up to eden hazard 's opening goal for chelsea .
After chelsea forward eden hazard had scored give his side a 1-0 lead against manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday , the sky sports punditry team were convinced that there had been a foul in the build-up . Chelsea captain john terry had come in with a strong challenge from behind on united striker radamel falcao which sent the colombian hurtling to the ground . Blues midfielder cesc fabregas then collected the loose ball and released it to oscar before his back-heel sent it into the path of the oncoming hazard to slot home .
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Eden Hazard scored the opening goal of the game after John Terry 's challenge on Radamel Falcao . Thierry Henry , Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agree Terry fouled the striker .
Eden hazard scored give his side a 1-0 lead against manchester united . Sky sports punditry team were convinced that there had been a foul in the build-up . Chelsea captain john terry comes in with a strong challenge on radamel falcao .
Chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday night . John terry 's challenge on falcao was sent to eden hazard 's opening goal . Chelsea captain john terry had come in with united striker radamel falcao .
Eden hazard scored a 1-0 lead against manchester united at stamford bridge . Chelsea captain john terry had come in with a strong challenge from radamel falcao . Cesc fabregas collected the loose ball and released it to oscar . Click here for all the latest chelsea news .
Michael barnett captured the fire on interstate 30 just northeast of dallas . The antebellum singer hillary scott , co-lead singer for the band . The band 's two other members , charles kelley and dave haywood were not traveling on the bus . The tour manager says he did n't know what he was about to see . The bus is set to perform at the 50th academy of country music awards .
Hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning . Smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl and barnett slowly approached in his vehicle . Barnett said he did n't realize at the time that the bus belonged to the country band .
Michael barnett captured dramatic video of the fire , on interstate 30 just northeast of dallas , and uploaded it to cnn ireport . Smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl and barnett slowly approached in his vehicle . ( cnn ) lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning , but everyone on board was safely evacuated . Lady antebellum is set to perform at the 50th academy of country music awards on sunday in arlington , texas .
Lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning . Smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl . Barnett decided to stop filming because he did n't know what to expect .
Hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on interstate 30 just northeast of dallas . Smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl and barnett slowly approached in his vehicle .
Hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning . Michael barnett captured dramatic video of the fire , on interstate 30 just northeast of dallas . Barnett decided to stop filming because he did n't know what to expect .
( cnn ) lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning , but everyone on board was safely evacuated . Michael barnett captured dramatic video of the fire , on interstate 30 just northeast of dallas , and uploaded it to cnn ireport . As he drew closer to the bus , barnett decided to stop filming because he did n't know what to expect .
Lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus catches fire on a texas freeway . Everyone on board was evacuated safely , scott posts on instagram .
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott 's tour bus caught fire on Interstate 30 in Dallas Thursday morning , but everyone on board was safely evacuated .
Lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning . Michael barnett captured dramatic video of the fire and uploaded it to cnn ireport . Barnett said he did n't realize at the time that the bus belonged to the country band .
( cnn ) lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning , but everyone on board was safely evacuated . Michael barnett captured dramatic video of the fire , on interstate 30 just northeast of dallas , and uploaded it to cnn ireport . `` it was shocking , `` he said .
( cnn ) lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning , but everyone on board was safely evacuated . Michael barnett captured dramatic video of the fire , on interstate 30 just northeast of dallas , and uploaded it to cnn ireport . Smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl and barnett slowly approached in his vehicle .
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott 's tour bus catches fire on a Texas freeway . Everyone on board was safely evacuated , Scott says . The fire destroyed everything in the bus 's back lounge except her Bible , she says . Scott is set to perform at the Academy of Country Music Awards on Sunday .
Lady antebellum is set to perform at the 50th academy of country music awards . Hillary scott , co-lead singer for the band , posted a photo of the charred bus on instagram and noted that she , her husband , the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated .
Lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on texas freeway . Barnett said he did n't know what to expect . `` it was shocking , `` barnett said .
Lady antebellum 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning . Michael barnett captured dramatic video of fire on interstate 30 . He decided to stop filming because he did n't know what to expect . Hillary scott , co-lead singer , posted a photo of the charred bus on instagram .
Dr adrian quarterman has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes in future . He has not ruled out the chance of someone could potentially use them for weapons . He says the beams will be nowhere near as powerful as imagined in films like star wars . He is working on a laser that will convert sun beams into energy . The technology can be shot back down to earth , covered in mirrors .
Dr adrian quarterman is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy , the times reported . The satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light . If it works , it could mean solar power could even become viable in scotland .
Space lasers : dr adrian quarterman has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes in the future - but says the beams will be nowhere near as powerful as imagined in films like star wars ( pictured ) . Dr adrian quarterman , of dundee university , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy , the times reported . The energy it then creates , using semi-conductors , can be shot back down to earth .
Dr adrian quarterman , of dundee university , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy . Satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light . The energy it then creates , using semi-conductors , can be shot back down to earth .
Dr adrian quarterman , of dundee university , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy . The energy it then creates , using semi-conductors , can be shot back down to earth . If it works , it could mean solar power could even become viable in scotland , or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas .
Dr adrian quarterman has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes in the future . Satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light . The energy it then creates , using semi-conductors , can be shot back down to earth .
However , he has n't ruled out the chance of someone could potentially use them for weapons . Space lasers : dr adrian quarterman has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes in the future - but says the beams will be nowhere near as powerful as imagined in films like star wars ( pictured ) dr adrian quarterman , of dundee university , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy , the times reported .
Dundee university 's dr adrian quarterman has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes in the future . The satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light . The energy it then creates , using semi-conductors , can be shot back down to earth . Initial trials in scotland were successful , but dr quarterman is now hoping to move the trials to portugal .
Space lasers could be used to shoot down debris in space , but would not be able to destroy a planet Dr Quarterman told The Times : 'It would be a very small laser , so you would n't be able to see it and it would be very far away . 'It would be a very small and very powerful laser , which would be used to shoot down debris in space . 'This would be a very small and very powerful laser that could be used to shoot
Dr adrian quarterman , of dundee university , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy . The satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors , to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light . If it works , it could mean solar power could even become viable in scotland , or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas . However , dr quarterman has acknowledged you 'might possibly have to worry a bit about who is in control ' of his satellites .
However , he has n't ruled out the chance of someone could potentially use them for weapons . Space lasers : dr adrian quarterman has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes in the future - but says the beams will be nowhere near as powerful as imagined in films like star wars ( pictured ) . Dr adrian quarterman , of dundee university , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy , the times reported .
Space lasers are best known for blowing people - and planets - up in science fiction , and even the odd bond movie . But one scottish scientist is hoping they could , in fact , be the answer to heating our homes in the future . However , he has n't ruled out the chance of someone could potentially use them for weapons .
Dr Adrian Quarterman , of Dundee University , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy . satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light . If it works , it could mean solar power could even become viable in Scotland .
Dr adrian quarterman , of dundee university , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy , the times reported . The satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light . If it works , it could mean solar power could even become viable in scotland .
The satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light . If it works , it could mean solar power could even become viable in scotland , or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas . Tokyo rresearchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the iss which would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in earth .
Dr adrian quarterman has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes . Dr adrian quarterman is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy . Satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight . Energy it then creates , using semi-conductors , can be shot back to earth .
Stephen munden , 54 , described as having a ` obsession ' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus . He has been missing since 6.15 pm on tuesday . He was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . Police have launched a manhunt to find munden - who has been detained under mental health act . Munden was convicted of sexually touching child under the age of 13 . A paedophile with a young girls has gone on the run after vanishing from a psychiatric unit .
Stephen munden , 54 , described as having a ` fanatical obsession ' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus , has been missing since 6.15 pm on tuesday and was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . Officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who was detained under the mental health act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl . A predatory convicted paedophile with an obsession with young girls has gone on the run after vanishing from a psychiatric unit .
Stephen munden , 54 , described as having a ` fanatical obsession ' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus , has been missing since 6.15 pm on tuesday and was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . Now officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who was detained under the mental health act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl . Munden was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13 .
Stephen munden , 54 , was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . He was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . Now officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who was detained under the mental health act .
Stephen munden , 54 , described as having a ` fanatical obsession ' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus , has been missing since 6.15 pm on tuesday . Officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who was detained under the mental health act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl . Munden was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13 .
Stephen munden , 54 , described as having a ` fanatical obsession ' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus , has been missing since 6.15 pm on tuesday and was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . Now officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who was detained under the mental health act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl .
Stephen munden , 54 , described as having a ' fanatical obsession ' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus , has been missing since 6.15pm on tuesday and was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . Now officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who was detained under the mental health act after sexually touching the three - year - old girl . A predatory convicted paedophile with an obsession with young girls has gone on the run after vanishing from a psychiatric unit .
Stephen munden , 54 , last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . He was detained at the private facility under a hospital order . Munden was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13 . Described as having a 'fanatical obsession ' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus .
Stephen Munden , 54 , was arrested under the Mental Health Act after sexually touching a three-year-old girl on a bus Mr Jenkins said that the offences were 'outrageous ' , adding that Munden had been 'deeply disturbed ' by the sexual abuse he had suffered and had been diagnosed with a 'schizophrenia-like personality disorder ' . He said : 'He is a very dangerous man and he is a danger to the public . He is a very dangerous man
Stephen munden , 54 , described as having 'fanatical obsession ' with small girls . He has been missing since 6.15pm on tuesday and was last seen leaving hospital . Was detained under mental health act after sexually touching three-year-old . Described as 5ft 8ins tall , of heavy build , with dark hair and beard .
Stephen munden , 54 , described as having a ` fanatical obsession ' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus , has been missing since 6.15 pm on tuesday and was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . Now officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who was detained under the mental health act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl . A predatory convicted paedophile with an obsession with young girls has gone on the run after vanishing from a psychiatric unit .
A predatory convicted paedophile with an obsession with young girls has gone on the run after vanishing from a psychiatric unit . Stephen munden , 54 , described as having a ` fanatical obsession ' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus , has been missing since 6.15 pm on tuesday and was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . Now officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who was detained under the mental health act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl .
Stephen Munden , 54 , has been missing since 6.15 pm on Tuesday . He was last seen leaving a hospital , near Hook , Hampshire . Munden was detained under the Mental Health Act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl . Officers believe he may have shaved off his beard before leaving hospital .
Stephen munden , 54 , described as having a ' fanatical obsession ' with small girls . He is described as about 5ft 8ins tall , of a heavy build , and has dark hair .
Stephen munden , 54 , was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . He was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13 . He was detained at the private facility under a hospital order .
Stephen munden , 54 , has been missing since 6.15 pm on tuesday . Officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who was sexually touching the three-year-old girl . He was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . He was detained at the private facility under a hospital order following his sentence . Munden suffers from learning difficulties , may have shaved off his beard .
Donald sterling , nba team last year . Sterling 's wife sued for $ 2.6 million in gifts . Sterling says he is the former female companion who has lost the . Sterling has ordered v. stiviano to pay back $ 2.6 m in gifts after his wife sued . Sterling also includes a $ 391 easter bunny costume , $ 299 and a $ 299 .
Donald sterling accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men . She claimed donald sterling used the couple 's money to buy stiviano a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rover . Stiviano countered that there was nothing wrong with donald sterling giving her gifts .
A los angeles judge has ordered v. stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million in gifts after sterling 's wife sued her . ( cnn ) donald sterling 's racist remarks cost him an nba team last year . But now it 's his former female companion who has lost big . Who is v. stiviano ? .
Donald sterling 's wife sued stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men . She claimed donald sterling used the couple 's money to buy stiviano a ferrari , bentleys and a range rover . Stiviano 's gifts from donald sterling did n't just include uber-expensive items like luxury cars .
Donald sterling 's racist remarks cost him an nba team last year . But now it 's his former female companion who has lost big . A judge has ordered v. stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million in gifts .
Rochelle `` shelly `` sterling accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men . She claimed donald sterling used the couple 's money to buy stiviano a ferrari . Stiviano countered that there was nothing wrong with donald sterling giving her gifts .
( cnn ) donald sterling 's racist remarks cost him an nba team last year . But now it 's his former female companion who has lost big . A los angeles judge has ordered v. stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million in gifts after sterling 's wife sued her . In the lawsuit , rochelle `` shelly `` sterling accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men .
A judge orders v. stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million in gifts . She was sued by donald sterling 's wife , rochelle `` shelly '' sterling . She accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men . Stiviano countered that there was nothing wrong with sterling giving her gifts .
Donald Sterling 's racist remarks cost him an NBA team last year . But now it 's his former female companion who has lost big .
A los angeles judge orders v. stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million in gifts . Rochelle `` shelly '' sterling accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men . She claimed donald sterling used the couple 's money to buy stiviano a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rover .
A los angeles judge has ordered v. stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million in gifts after sterling 's wife sued her . In the lawsuit , rochelle `` shelly `` sterling accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men . She claimed donald sterling used the couple 's money to buy stiviano a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rover , and that he helped her get a $ 1.8 million duplex .
( cnn ) donald sterling 's racist remarks cost him an nba team last year . But now it 's his former female companion who has lost big . A los angeles judge has ordered v. stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million in gifts after sterling 's wife sued her .
A judge orders V. Stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million in gifts from Donald Sterling . Sterling 's wife sued her , saying she targeted wealthy older men . Shelly Sterling was thrilled with the court decision , her lawyer says . The gifts included a Ferrari , two Bentleys and a Range Rover .
Rochelle `` shelly `` sterling accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men . She claimed donald sterling used the couple 's money to buy stiviano a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rover . Stiviano 's gifts from donald sterling did n't just include uber-expensive items like luxury cars .
Donald sterling 's racist remarks cost him an nba team last year . In the lawsuit , rochelle `` shelly `` sterling used the couple 's money to buy stiviano a ferrari , wealthy older men . Shelly sterling 's gifts from donald sterling was $ 2.6 million in gifts .
Donald sterling 's remarks cost him an nba team last year . A los angeles judge has ordered v. stiviano to pay back more than $ 2.6 million . Rochelle `` shelly `` sterling accused stiviano of targeting wealthy older men . Stiviano says there was nothing wrong with donald sterling giving her gifts .
Thierry henry says arsenal need a goalkeeper to buy four players in the summer . The frenchman believes arsenal can win the premier league title . Henry says the gunners are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league . He says arsenal 's the club 's first choice striker is to return to the club . Sky sports pundit thierry henry believes arsenal 's a goalkeeper .
Thierry henry criticised arsenal 's recent dealings in the transfer window . Frenchman believes arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league title . Henry , who was speaking after arsenal 's goalless draw with chelsea , also hit out at olivier giroud by claiming the gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as club 's first choice striker .
The frenchman believes arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league title . Sky sports pundit thierry henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title with olivier giroud in attack . Arsenal are third in the premier league , level on points with manchester city but with a game in hand .
Thierry henry has criticised arsenal 's recent dealings in the transfer window . The frenchman believes arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league title . Henry was speaking after arsenal 's goalless draw with chelsea .
Thierry henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title with olivier giroud in attack . The frenchman believes arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league title . Sky sports pundit thierry henry said : ' i think they need to buy four players - they need that spine . They need a goalkeeper , they still need a holding midfielder '
Arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league title . Henry , who was speaking after arsenal 's goalless draw with chelsea , also hit out at olivier giroud by claiming the gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club 's first choice striker . Sky sports pundit thierry henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title .
Thierry henry has criticised arsenal 's recent dealings in the transfer window and has urged his former side to purchase four top players in the summer . The frenchman believes arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league title . Henry , who was speaking after arsenal 's goalless draw with chelsea , also hit out at olivier giroud by claiming the gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club 's first choice striker . Sky sports pundit thierry henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title with olivier giroud in attack
Arsenal drew 0-0 with chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . Sky sports pundit thierry henry questioned arsenal 's transfer business . Henry said the gunners need to buy four players to win the league . He said they need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker .
Henry thinks Arsenal need four players in the summer ' I think he 's in the best form of his career and he 's scoring a lot of goals , but he 's not leading the team to the title yet . 'He 's not leading the team to the title yet . It 's a question of him .
Thierry henry has criticised arsenal 's transfer dealings in the transfer window . The sky sports pundit says the gunners need four players to win the title . Henry was speaking after arsenal 's goalless draw with chelsea . Arsenal are third in the premier league , level on points with manchester city .
Thierry henry has criticised arsenal 's recent dealings in the transfer window and has urged his former side to purchase four top players in the summer . Sky sports pundit thierry henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title with olivier giroud in attack . Sunderland ( home ) may 20 .
Thierry henry has criticised arsenal 's recent dealings in the transfer window and has urged his former side to purchase four top players in the summer . The frenchman believes arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league title . Henry , who was speaking after arsenal 's goalless draw with chelsea , also hit out at olivier giroud by claiming the gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club 's first choice striker .
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker in the summer . The Frenchman also questioned whether Olivier Giroud can win the Premier League with the Gunners . Arsenal are currently third in the table , level on points with Manchester City .
Thierry henry has criticised arsenal 's recent dealings in the transfer window . The frenchman believes arsenal need to buy four players in the summer . Sky sports pundit thierry henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title .
Sky sports pundit thierry henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title with olivier giroud in attack . The frenchman believes the gunners need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to remain as the club 's first choice striker . Henry has urged his former side to purchase four top players in the summer .
Thierry henry has urged his former side to purchase four top players . The frenchman believes arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder . Henry was speaking after arsenal 's goalless draw with chelsea . Thierry henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title with olivier giroud . Arsenal are third in premier league , level on points with manchester city .
Maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . One of his victims said she is scared for her future relationships , and did n't understand why she had been targeted . The bega cheese boss said she was forced to break her silence . She was subjected to years of abuse by the bega boss . The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded sentenced to 12 years in jail . She kept the van ryn did to her secret , but when she found out .
Maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . One of his victims told sydney 's district court that she is scared for her future relationships , and did n't understand why she had been targeted .
The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . For years she kept what van ryn did to her a secret , but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence .
Maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . The young woman , who can not be named , said when he abused her as a child she did n't know it was wrong .
Maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . The young woman , who can not be named , said when he abused her as a child she did n't know it was wrong .
Maurice van ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . For years she kept what van ryn did to her a secret , but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence . The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences .
For years she kept what van ryn did to her a secret , but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence . The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . One of his victims told sydney 's district court on monday that she is scared for her future relationships , and did n't understand why she had been targeted . The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child
Maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including persistent sexual abuse of a child . One of his victims told sydney 's district court on monday that she is scared for her future relationships . The young woman , who can not be named , said when he abused her as a child she did n't know it was wrong . 'he has stolen my right to share my body with someone for the first time , ' she said .
Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child ' I do n't feel safe . I do n't feel like I can trust anyone . ' She added : ' I do n't know what to do .
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by bega cheese boss maurice van ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . For years she kept what van ryn did to her a secret , but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence . The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child .
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by bega cheese boss maurice van ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . For years she kept what van ryn did to her a secret , but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence . The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child .
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by bega cheese boss maurice van ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . For years she kept what van ryn did to her a secret , but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence . The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child .
Maurice Van Ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including persistent sexual abuse of a child . One of his victims told Sydney 's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships . The young woman , who can not be named , said when he abused her as a child she did n't know it was wrong . She said she has suffered depression since she was 14 and had been hospitalised for self harm and attempted suicide .
Maurice van ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . But when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence . The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences .
The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . One of his victims told sydney 's district court on monday she is scared for her future relationships , and did n't understand why she had been targeted . The young woman said when he abused her as a child she did n't know it was wrong .
A young woman was subjected to abuse by bega cheese boss maurice van ryn . The wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences . He pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including most serious charge of a child . One of his victims told sydney 's district court that she is scared for her future relationships . For years she kept what van ryn did to break her silence . A young woman was subjected to years of abuse by bega cheese .
Serge gnabry says he is feeling ` better and better ' all the time . The arsenal youngster has not featured for arsenal since march last year . The 19-year-old has not played since the champions league last season . He has been sidelined with serious knee injury . The germany international played for bayern munich in march 2014 .
Serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading . The 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since march last year . Serge gnabry played for arsenal 's development squad as they lost 1-0 .
Serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading on monday . The 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since march last year after suffering serious knee injury . The 19-year-old midfielder impressed for the gunners last season , but his progress has been stunted by a serious knee injury .
Serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading . The 19-year-old has not featured since march last year after suffering serious knee injury . Gnabry played for arsenal 's development squad as they lost 1-0 to reading on monday .
Serge gnabry says he is feeling ` better and better ' all the time as the arsenal teenager impressed for the gunners last season . The 19-year-old has not featured since the champions league last-16 second leg against bayern munich in march 2014 . The germany under-21 international is at last closing in on a return .
Serge gnabry says he is feeling ` better and better ' all the time as the arsenal teenager prepares to return after more than a year out . Gnabry , as a result , has not featured since the champions league last-16 second leg against bayern munich in march 2014 .
The 19 - year - old midfielder impressed for the gunners last season , but his progress has been stunted by a serious knee injury . Gnabry , as a result , has not featured since the champions league last - 16 second leg against bayern munich in march 2014 , although he is at last closing in on a return . Serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading on monday
Serge gnabry has not played for arsenal since march 2014 . The 19-year-old suffered a serious knee injury against bayern munich . Gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading . The midfielder says he is feeling 'better and better ' all the time .
Gnabry has not featured for the first team since March last year after suffering serious knee injury
Serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading . The 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since march 2014 . Gnabry has been hampered by a serious knee injury .
Serge gnabry says he is feeling ` better and better ' all the time as the arsenal teenager prepares to return after more than a year out . Serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading on monday . The 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since march last year after suffering serious knee injury .
Serge gnabry says he is feeling ` better and better ' all the time as the arsenal teenager prepares to return after more than a year out . The 19-year-old midfielder impressed for the gunners last season , but his progress has been stunted by a serious knee injury . Gnabry , as a result , has not featured since the champions league last-16 second leg against bayern munich in march 2014 , although he is at last closing in on a return .
Serge Gnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading . The 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since March last year . The Germany Under-21 international played for Arsenal 's development squad as they lost 1-0 to Reading .
Serge gnabry says he is feeling ' better and better ' all the time . The 19-year-old midfielder impressed for the gunners last season . But his progress has been stunted by a serious knee injury .
Serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading on monday . The 19-year-old impressed for the gunners last season . Gnabry has not featured since the champions league second leg .
Serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading . The 19-year-old midfielder has been stunted by a knee injury . 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since march last year . Gnabry has not featured since champions league last-16 second leg against bayern munich in march 2014 .
Jacob phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused promenade , south wales . He had been out drinking in december but did n't have enough cash to pay for it . Inquest heard he ran from a taxi to avoid paying fare fare . The trio got out of the taxi to ` use an atm ' before making a run . Mr phillips had been drinking in cardiff before catching a taxi with friends in december . He was found guilty of accidental death but did not have enough money for the taxi .
Jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark . Graduate jacob phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff . Cabbie dave sidaway told the inquest : ` i had no idea how much danger he was in ' .
Jacob phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff . Cardiff coroner 's court heard how the trio got out of the taxi to ` use an atm ' before making a run for it . The university graduate had been out drinking in cardiff before catching a taxi with friends padraig crowley and rory robinson .
Jacob phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade . He ran from the driver , who gave chase at the seaside town of penarth . An inquest heard how the trio got out of the taxi to ` use an atm ' .
Graduate jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark . Mr phillips had caught the cab after a night out with friends in december . But did n't have enough cash to pay for it .
Jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark . Mr phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in december . Inquest heard he ran from the driver , who gave chase at the seaside town of penarth . The university graduate had been out drinking in cardiff before catching a taxi with friends padraig crowley and rory robinson .
A young accountant fell down a 70ft cliff to his death when he ran from a taxi to avoid paying the fare . Graduate jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark . Mr phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in december – but did n ’ t have enough cash to pay for it . An inquest heard he ran from the driver , who gave chase at the seaside town of penarth , south wales .
Jacob phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff . Taxi driver dave sidaway said he would not have left him if he knew where they were .
Jacob Phillips fell down a 70ft cliff to his death in Cardiff .
Jacob phillips , 23 , fell down the cliff at the end of the disused northern promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff . He had been out drinking in cardiff before catching a taxi with friends padraig crowley and rory robinson . Mr phillips , of reading , berks , was discovered the next day on the rocky beach by a dog walker . For confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .
Graduate jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark . Mr phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in december -- but did n't have enough cash to pay for it . ' Jacob phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff .
A young accountant fell down a 70ft cliff to his death when he ran from a taxi to avoid paying the fare . Graduate jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark . Mr phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in december -- but did n't have enough cash to pay for it .
Jacob Phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused Northern Promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff . The university graduate had been out drinking in Cardiff before catching a taxi with friends Padraig Crowley and Rory Robinson . The trio got out of the taxi to ` use an ATM ' before making a run for it .
Graduate jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark . Mr phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff .
Jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence . Mr phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in december . He did n't have enough cash to pay for it .
Jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark . Mr phillips caught the cab home after a night out with friends in december . Jacob phillips was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade . The university graduate had been out drinking in cardiff before catching a taxi . Trio got out of taxi to ` use an atm ' before making a run for it .
Managers at the passport agency made # 42 million profit in bonuses . Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents . Ministers said it could not say how many claims were rejected , partly because of ` system failure of our customer complaint system ' .
Thousands of holidaymakers caught up in last summer 's passport delay fiasco have not received any compensation . At the same time , managers at the passport agency , which made a # 42 million profit during the chaos , received up to # 3,500 in bonuses . Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through .
At the same time , managers at the passport agency , which made a # 42 million profit during the chaos , received up to # 3,500 in bonuses . Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through , and even to some who missed out on trips . The boxes of passport applications piled up at in office in liverpool at the peak of the backlog last summer .
At the same time , managers at the passport agency , which made a # 42 million profit during the chaos , received up to # 3,500 in bonuses . Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through , and even to some who missed out on trips .
Boxes of passport applications piled up at peak of backlog last summer . Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through , and even to some who missed out on trips . In total just half a million passports stuck in the system .
Thousands of holidaymakers caught up in last summer 's passport delay fiasco have not received any compensation . At the same time , managers at the passport agency made a # 42 million profit during the chaos , received up to # 3,500 in bonuses . Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through , and even to some who missed out on trips .
At the same time , managers at the passport agency , which made a £ 42 million profit during the chaos , received up to £ 3,500 in bonuses . Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through , and even to some who missed out on trips . The problems began a year ago as hm passport office struggled to cope with 3.6 million britons applying for documents .
Just 2,191 compensation applications were approved between april last year and january this year . The total paid out was £203,066 , giving an average sum of £92.68 . Ministers rejected a demand by the home affairs select committee for all those left out of pocket to be compensated .
The problem started a year ago as HM Passport Office struggled to cope with 3.6 million Britons applying for documents The Mail on Sunday has learned that £1.5 million of the £2.5 million the Passport Office has received in compensation has been paid out . The Mail on Sunday has also seen records showing that the Passport Office has been paid more than £2.5 million since the chaos began . The Mail on Sunday obtained figures showing that the Passport Office
Just 2,191 compensation applications were approved between april last year and january this year , scarcely changed from 2,077 for the previous year . The total paid out was £203,066 , giving an average sum of £92.68 . Home affairs committee chairman keith vaz led the calls for compensation and was 'astonished ' to learn just 2,191 compensation applications were approved .
At the same time , managers at the passport agency , which made a # 42 million profit during the chaos , received up to # 3,500 in bonuses . Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through , and even to some who missed out on trips . The boxes of passport applications piled up at in office in liverpool at the peak of the backlog last summer .
Thousands of holidaymakers caught up in last summer 's passport delay fiasco have not received any compensation . At the same time , managers at the passport agency , which made a # 42 million profit during the chaos , received up to # 3,500 in bonuses . Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through , and even to some who missed out on trips .
Ministers refused blanket refund to families who had to pay extra to get documents . Just 2,191 compensation applications were approved between April last year and January this year , scarcely changed from 2,077 for the previous year . Home Affairs Committee chairman Keith Vaz led the calls for compensation .
Managers at the passport agency , which made a £42 million profit during the chaos , received up to £3,500 in bonuses . Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through , and even to some missed out on trips .
Boxes of passport applications received up to # 3,500 in bonuses . Ministers refused to give blanket refund to desperate families who had to pay extra to get travel documents rushed through . Passport passport office struggled to cope with 3.6 million britons .
Managers at the passport agency received # 42 million profit during the chaos . Ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who missed out on trips . The boxes of passport applications piled up at the peak of the backlog last summer . Problems began a year ago as hm passport office struggled to cope .
The collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years . The 1930s is up for sale with original features including a windows and kitchen . The house has been a guide price of between # 200,000 and # 250,000 . The # 250,000 house will be auctioned on april 30 at the county ground in bristol . It has been the original bathroom and kitchen and a ` guide ' for the .
The collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years . The collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen , wood-panelled hallway and retro jars of popular food .
The collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , which has gone untouched for more than 80 years comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen , wood-panelled hallway and even the vintage cupboards . With features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old-fashioned , the semi-detached property has a guide price of between # 200,000 and # 250,000 . The historic house will be auctioned on april 30 at the county ground in bristol .
Hoe house 's wood-panelled hall is lit by quirky stained-glass windows , depicting ships in full sail , while the living room 's windows are patterned with coats of arms on the glass . The historic house will be auctioned on april 30 at the county ground in bristol .
The collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years . Original features including stained-glass windows , oil-fired central heating and retro jars of popular food . With features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old-fashioned , the semi-detached property has a guide price of between # 200,000 and # 250,000 .
Collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , which has gone untouched for more than 80 years comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen , wood-panelled hallway and even the vintage cupboards . Features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old-fashioned , the semi-detached property has a guide price of between # 200,000 and # 250,000 .
A timewarp home which has remained unchanged since the 1930s is up for sale complete with original features including stained - glass windows , oil - fired central heating and retro jars of popular food . The collector ’ s paradise in horfield , bristol , which has gone untouched for more than 80 years comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen , wood - panelled hallway and even the vintage cupboards . With features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old - fashioned , the semi-detached property has a guide price of between £ 200,000 and £ 250,000 .
The collector ’ s paradise in horfield , bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years . It comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen , wood-panelled hallway and even the vintage cupboards . The semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000 .
The house is up for sale complete with the original bathroom , kitchen , stained-glass windows and oil-fired central heating . The property is in Horfield , Bristol , which has been untouched since the 1930s
The collector ’ s paradise in horfield , bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years . It boasts the original bathroom , kitchen , stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating . The semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000 .
A timewarp home which has remained unchanged since the 1930s is up for sale complete with original features including stained-glass windows , oil-fired central heating and retro jars of popular food . The collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , which has gone untouched for more than 80 years comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen , wood-panelled hallway and even the vintage cupboards . With features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old-fashioned , the semi-detached property has a guide price of between # 200,000 and # 250,000 .
A timewarp home which has remained unchanged since the 1930s is up for sale complete with original features including stained-glass windows , oil-fired central heating and retro jars of popular food . The collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , which has gone untouched for more than 80 years comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen , wood-panelled hallway and even the vintage cupboards . With features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old-fashioned , the semi-detached property has a guide price of between # 200,000 and # 250,000 .
The collector 's paradise in Horfield , Bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years . It comes complete with the original bathroom , kitchen , stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating . The semi-detached property has a guide price of between £ 200,000 and £ 250,000 .
The collector ’ s paradise in horfield , bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years , comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen , kitchen , stained-glass windows and even the vintage cupboards . It 's a nondescript semi-detached home from the outside but inside it 's a treasure trove with features including beautiful stained glass windows .
The collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , will be auctioned on april 30 . Original features include stained-glass windows , oil-fired central heating and retro jars of popular food . The house has a guide price of between # 200,000 and # 250,000 .
The timewarp home has remained unchanged since the 1930s is up for sale . The paradise in horfield , bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years . The collector 's paradise has gone untouched for more than 80 years . The house even boasts the original bathroom which was built in a fetching mint green and black colour . The semi-detached property has a guide price of between # 200,000 and # 250,000 .
